Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

18

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully 
consider the following factors which could materially adversely affect our business, 
financial condition, results of operations (including revenues and profitability) and/or 
stock price. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that may 
broadly affect companies, including us. Additional risks and uncertainties not 
currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also could materially 
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or stock 
price. Risks in this section are grouped in the following categories: (1) Business Risks; 
(2) Financial Risks; (3) Operational Risks; and (4) Legal and Regulatory Risks. Many 
risks affect more than one category, and the risks are not in order of significance or 
probability of occurrence because they have been grouped by categories.

Business Risks

Our results of operations have been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by volatile, 
negative or uncertain economic and geopolitical conditions and the effects of these conditions 
on our clients’ businesses and levels of business activity. 

Global macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions affect us, our clients’ businesses and the markets they serve. Volatile, 
negative and uncertain economic and geopolitical conditions have in the past undermined and could in the future undermine 
business confidence in our significant markets and other markets, which are increasingly interdependent, causing our clients 
to reduce or defer their spending on new initiatives and technologies, and resulting in clients reducing, delaying or eliminating 
spending under existing contracts with us, which negatively affects our business. Growth in some of the markets we serve 
has slowed and could continue to slow, or could slow in other markets or stagnate or contract, in each case, for an extended 
period of time. Because we operate globally and have significant businesses in many markets, an economic slowdown in any 
of those markets could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Ongoing economic and geopolitical volatility and uncertainty and changing demand patterns affect our business in a number 
of other ways, including making it more difficult to accurately forecast client demand and effectively build our revenue and 
resource plans, particularly in consulting. Economic and geopolitical volatility and uncertainty is particularly challenging 
because it may take some time for the effects and changes in demand patterns resulting from these and other factors to 
manifest themselves in our business and results of operations. Changing demand patterns from economic and political 
volatility and uncertainty, including as a result of increasing geopolitical tensions, inflation, economic downturns, changes in 
global trade policies, global health emergencies and their impact on us, our clients and the industries we serve, have in the 
past had a negative impact and could in the future have a significant negative impact on our results of operations. For 
example, some of these conditions slowed the pace and level of client spending, particularly for smaller contracts with a 
shorter duration and for our consulting services during fiscal 2024. Clients continue to prioritize large-scale transformations, 
which convert to revenue over a longer period. 

Our business depends on generating and maintaining client demand for our services and 
solutions, including through the adaptation and expansion of our services and solutions in 
response to ongoing changes in technology and offerings, and a significant reduction in such 
demand or an inability to respond to the evolving technological environment could materially 
affect our results of operations. 

Our financial results depend in part on the demand for our services and solutions, which could be negatively affected by 
numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control and unrelated to our work product. As described above, volatile, 
negative or uncertain global economic and political conditions and lower growth or contraction in the markets we serve have 
adversely affected and could in the future adversely affect client demand for our services and solutions. Our success 
depends, in part, on our ability to continue to develop and implement services and solutions that anticipate and respond to 
rapid and continuing changes in technology and offerings to serve the evolving needs of our clients. Examples of areas of 
significant change include digital-, cloud- and security-related offerings, which are continually evolving, as well as 
developments in areas such as AI, including generative AI, augmented and virtual reality, automation, blockchain, Internet of 
Things, quantum and edge computing, infrastructure and network engineering, intelligent connected products, digital 

