Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business

9

People

Overview

We are a talent- and innovation-led organization with approximately 774,000 people as of August 31, 2024, whose skills and 
specialization are a significant source of competitive differentiation.

We serve clients at any given time in more than 120 countries, with offices and operations in 52 countries. The majority of 
our people are in India, the Philippines and the U.S.

We have a culture of shared success, which is defined as success for our clients, our people, our shareholders, our partners 
and our communities. That culture is built upon four tangible building blocks—our beliefs, our behaviors, the way we develop 
and reward our people and the way we do business.

Our Beliefs and Behaviors 

Our leadership essentials set the standard for what we expect of all our people:

•

•

•

•

•

always do the right thing, in every decision and action;

•

lead with excellence, confidence and humility, as 
demonstrated by being a learner, building great teams 
and being naturally collaborative; 

exemplify client-centricity and a commitment to client 
value creation; 

act as a true partner, to each other, our clients, our 
ecosystem and our communities—committed to shared 
success;

•

•

care deeply for all our people to help them achieve 
their aspirations professionally and personally;

live our unwavering commitment to inclusion, 
diversity and equality, as demonstrated by personal 
impact and overall results; 

have the courage to change and the ability to bring our 
people along the journey; and

actively innovate—seeking new answers, applying a 
tech, AI and data first mindset, looking internally across 
Accenture and outside—to partners, competitors, start-
ups, clients, academia and analysts—to learn, 
respectfully challenge our assumptions and apply the 
innovation, and cultivate and reward our people for 
doing the same.

Listening to the voices of our people provides the input to ensure that they have the tools and resources to do their jobs and 
the right learning opportunities, and that they experience a positive, respectful and inclusive work environment. We do this on 
an ongoing basis across various channels, including surveys and forums. Among our people who participated in the Great 
Place To Work® Trust Index Survey™, 78% agreed that “Taking everything into account, I would say this is a great place to 
work.” Additionally, we are recognized as a top 10 place to work in 11 countries, representing more than 70% of our people. 

Our purpose is to deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity. Our strategy is to deliver 360° value for all our 
stakeholders by helping them continuously reinvent. To drive reinvention, innovation must be at the forefront, which requires 
us to attract, develop and inspire top talent. Talent is one of our most important areas of competitive differentiation. As part of 
our talent strategy, we hire and develop people who have different backgrounds, different perspectives, and different lived 
experiences. These differences ensure that we have and attract the cognitive diversity to deliver a variety of perspectives, 
observations, and insights which are essential to drive the innovation needed to reinvent. To help achieve this diversity we 
set goals, share them publicly, and collect data to measure our progress, continuously improve, and hold our leaders 
accountable for ensuring we have the most innovative and talented people in our industry. This approach is a key driver of 
our progress.

We recognize that some people come to Accenture having faced obstacles as an aspect of their identity or lived experience. 
At Accenture, we are committed to harness these perspectives and ensure that all of our people have the opportunity to 
thrive and unlock their full potential. We are a meritocracy. Our intention is to foster a culture and a workplace in which all of 
our people feel a sense of belonging and are respected and empowered to do their best work and to create 360° value for all 
our stakeholders.

