Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business

10

We are 48% women, compared to our gender parity goal by 2025. And, we are currently 
30% women managing directors, in line with our 2025 goal. We are also working toward our 
total workforce 2025 race and ethnicity goals in the U.S., the U.K., and South Africa, which 
we announced in 2020.

•

•

•

In the U.S., African American and Black colleagues represent 12% of our workforce, in 
line with our goal. Additionally, Hispanic American and Latinx colleagues represent 
10% of our workforce, compared to our goal of 13%.

In the U.K., Black colleagues represent 6% of our workforce compared to our goal of 
7%.

In South Africa, African Black colleagues represent 47% of our workforce compared to 
our goal of 68%. Coloured colleagues represent 10% of our workforce, in line with our 
goal.

We are committed to pay equity and have processes in place to compensate our people 
fairly—across gender, race and ethnicity. Pay equity at Accenture means that our people 
receive pay that is fair and consistent when considering similarity of work, location and 
tenure at career level. We conduct an annual pay equity review. As of our last review, 
which reflected pay changes effective December 1, 2023, we had dollar-for-dollar, 100% 
pay equity for women compared to men in every country where we operate (certain 
subsidiaries, recent acquisitions, countries with de minimis headcount and temporary 
employees were excluded from the analysis). By race and ethnicity, we likewise had 
dollar-for-dollar, 100% pay equity in the U.S., the U.K. and South Africa, which are the 
locations where we currently have the data available to use for this purpose. 

We are 

48%
Women 
compared to 
our goal of 50% by
2025. 

We are now

30%
Women 
managing 
directors
in line with
our goal of 30% by 
2025.

The Way We Develop and Reward Our People

Our focus is to create talent and unlock the potential of our people, to create strong leaders, and to help them achieve their 
professional and personal aspirations, while continuously pivoting to meet new client demands.

During fiscal 2024, we invested $1.1 billion in learning and professional development. With our digital learning platform, we 
delivered approximately 44 million training hours, an increase of 10% compared with fiscal 2023, predominantly due to 
generative AI training.

We have skills data for our people, enabling us to flexibly respond to shifting client needs while also recommending skill-
specific training based on an individual’s interests. We upskill people at scale, while proactively defining new skills and roles 
in anticipation of client needs. We also continue to steadily increase our Data & AI workforce, reaching approximately 57,000 
skilled Data & AI practitioners at the end of fiscal 2024, against our goal of doubling our Data & AI workforce to 80,000 by the 
end of fiscal 2026.

We are focused on rigorous, job-specific training through key industry certifications and partnerships with leading universities 
around the globe. We also train our people on inclusion and mitigating unconscious bias.

We promoted approximately 97,000 people in fiscal 2024, demonstrating our continued commitment to creating vibrant 
careers and opportunities for our people.

We balance our supply of skills with changes in client demand. We do this through adjusting levels of new hiring and 
managing our attrition (both voluntary and involuntary). We believe people are drawn to our strong purpose, values and 
reputation. For fiscal 2024, attrition, excluding involuntary terminations, was 13%, consistent with fiscal 2023. For the fourth 
quarter of fiscal 2024, annualized attrition, excluding involuntary terminations, was 14%, consistent with the third quarter of 
fiscal 2024.

Accenture’s total rewards consist of cash compensation, equity and a wide range of benefits. Our total rewards program is 
designed to recognize our people’s skills, contributions and career progression. Base salary, bonus and equity are tailored to 
the market where our people work and live. Certain rewards, like equity and bonuses, are opportunities for our people to 
share in the overall success of our company. As our people advance in their careers, they have greater opportunities to be 
rewarded. Accenture’s equitable rewards go beyond financial rewards and include health and well-being programs that care 
for our people.

