Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

19

engineering and manufacturing, and robotics solutions. As we expand our services and solutions into these new areas, we 
may be exposed to operational, legal, regulatory, ethical, technological and other risks specific to such new areas, which may 
negatively affect our reputation and demand for our services and solutions.

Technological developments may materially affect the cost and use of technology by our clients and, in the case of cloud, 
data and AI solutions, could affect the nature of how we generate revenue. Some of these technological developments have 
reduced and replaced, in whole or in part, some of our historical services and solutions and will continue to do so in the 
future. This has caused, and may in the future cause, clients to delay spending under existing contracts and engagements 
and to delay entering into new contracts while they evaluate new technologies. Such technological developments and 
spending delays can negatively impact our results of operations if we are unable to introduce new pricing or commercial 
models that reflect the value of these technological developments or if the pace and level of spending on new technologies 
are not sufficient to make up any shortfall.

Developments in the industries we serve, which may be rapid, also could shift demand to new services and solutions. If, as a 
result of new technologies or changes in the industries we serve, our clients demand new services and solutions, we may be 
less competitive in these new areas or need to make significant investment to meet that demand. Our growth strategy 
focuses on responding to these types of developments by driving innovation and making strategic investments in 
acquisitions, joint ventures and adjacencies to our current offerings that will enable us to expand our business into new 
growth areas. If we do not sufficiently invest in new technology and adapt to industry developments, or evolve and expand 
our business at sufficient speed and scale, or if we do not make the right strategic investments to respond to these 
developments and successfully drive innovation, our services and solutions, our results of operations, and our ability to 
develop and maintain a competitive advantage and to execute on our growth strategy could be adversely affected.  

In a particular geographic market, service or industry group, a small number of clients have contributed, or may, in the future 
contribute, a significant portion of the revenues of such geographic market, service or industry group, and any decision by 
such a client to delay, reduce, or eliminate spending on our services and solutions have had and could in the future have a 
disproportionate impact on the results of operations in the relevant geographic market, service or industry group.

Many of our consulting contracts are less than 12 months in duration, and these contracts typically permit a client to 
terminate the agreement with as little as 30 days’ notice. Longer-term, larger and more complex contracts, such as the 
majority of our managed services contracts, generally require a longer notice period for termination and often include an 
early termination charge to be paid to us, but this charge might not be sufficient to cover our costs or make up for anticipated 
ongoing revenues and profits lost upon termination of the contract. Many of our contracts allow clients to terminate, delay, 
reduce or eliminate spending on the services and solutions we provide. Additionally, a client could choose not to retain us for 
additional stages of a project, try to renegotiate the terms of its contract or cancel or delay additional planned work. When 
contracts are terminated or not renewed, we lose the anticipated revenues, and it may take significant time to replace the 
level of revenues lost. Consequently, our results of operations in subsequent periods could be materially lower than 
expected. The specific business or financial condition of a client, changes in management and changes in a client’s strategy 
are also all factors that can result in terminations, cancellations or delays. 

Risks and uncertainties related to the development and use of AI could harm our business, 
damage our reputation or give rise to legal or regulatory action.

We are increasingly applying AI-based technologies, including generative AI, to our services and solutions, to how we deliver 
work to our clients, and to our own internal operations. In addition, we are creating new offerings to implement AI solutions 
for clients. We have made significant investments in AI and are continuing to incur significant development and operational 
costs to develop and deploy our AI services and solutions for ourselves and for our clients. If we fail to continue to develop 
leading AI services and solutions, including generative AI, we may lose our leadership position in this area and fail to realize 
the anticipated benefits of our investments in AI. 

AI technologies are complex and rapidly evolving, and we face significant competition, including from our own clients, who 
may develop their own internal AI-related capabilities, which can lead to reduced demand for our services or solutions. As 
these technologies evolve, some services and tasks currently performed by our people will be replaced by automation, 
including AI-enabled solutions, which will lead to reduced demand for our services and/or adversely affect the utilization rate 
of our professionals, if demand for those services is not replaced by demand for new services. Leveraging AI capabilities for 
our internal functions and operations presents additional risks, costs, and challenges, including those discussed in these risk 
factors.

The development, adoption, and use of AI technologies is still in the early stages and involve significant risks and 
uncertainties, which may expose us to legal, reputational and financial harm. AI algorithms and training methodologies may 
be flawed and datasets may be overbroad, insufficient, or contain biased information. Moreover, the use of AI may give rise 
to risks related to harmful content, accuracy, bias, intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, defamation, data 
privacy, cybersecurity and health and safety, among others, and also bring the possibility of new or enhanced governmental 

