Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Part I

Part I

1

Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities 
Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) relating to our operations, results 
of operations and other matters that are based on our current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections. Words 
such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “likely,” “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “projects,” “believes,” “estimates,” 
“positioned,” “outlook” and similar expressions are used to identify these forward-looking statements. These statements are 
not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Forward-
looking statements are based upon assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual outcomes and 
results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecast in these forward-looking statements. Risks, uncertainties and 
other factors that might cause such differences, some of which could be material, include, but are not limited to, the factors 
discussed below under the section entitled “Risk Factors.” Our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this 
report or as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update them, notwithstanding any historical 
practice of doing so. Forward-looking and other statements in this document may also address our corporate responsibility 
progress, plans, and goals (including environmental matters), and the inclusion of such statements is not an indication that 
these contents are necessarily material to investors or required to be disclosed in our filings with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission. In addition, historical, current, and forward-looking sustainability-related statements may be based 
on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and 
assumptions that are subject to change in the future.

Available Information

Our website address is www.accenture.com. We use our website as a channel of distribution for company information. We 
make available free of charge on the Investor Relations section of our website (http://investor.accenture.com) our Annual 
Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports 
as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the “SEC”) pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. We also make available through our 
website other reports filed with or furnished to the SEC under the Exchange Act, including our proxy statements and reports 
filed by officers and directors under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, as well as our Code of Business Ethics. Financial and 
other material information regarding us is routinely posted on and accessible at http://investor.accenture.com and on the 
Accenture 360° Value Reporting Experience (http://www.accenture.com/reportingexperience). We do not intend for 
information contained in our website to be part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

The SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other 
information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Any materials we file with the SEC are available on such 
Internet site.

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we use the terms “Accenture,” “we,” “our” and “us” to refer to Accenture plc and its 
subsidiaries. All references to years, unless otherwise noted, refer to our fiscal year, which ends on August 31. 

