Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business

12

Environmental Sustainability

We help our clients together with our ecosystem partners, to define, measure and achieve their environmental, social and 
governance goals by connecting sustainability with their transformation agendas across their strategy and operations to make 
their value chains more sustainable.

We have a strong commitment to environmental sustainability in how we operate our business, and we hold ourselves 
accountable to clear and measurable objectives. For example, in 2020, we established a 2025 carbon removal goal—
previously referred to as our 2025 net-zero emissions goal—and we are on track to achieve this goal.

Our environment goals discussed below span three areas: reducing and removing our carbon emissions, moving toward zero 
waste and planning for water risk.

Our Goals to Reduce and Remove our Carbon Emissions

Our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions primarily 
result from business travel and purchased goods 
and services, since we have 100% renewable 
electricity in our facilities.

We continue to work toward our 2025 carbon 
removal goal by first focusing on reductions 
across our Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions and then 
removing any remaining emissions through 
nature-based carbon removal projects.

We are a signatory to the UN Global Compact 
Business Ambition for 1.5°C Pledge, committing 
to do our part to keep global warming below 1.5° 
Celsius in alignment with the Paris Agreement 
and the criteria and recommendations of the 
Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). 

In 2018, we established a SBTi 2025 near-term 
emissions reduction target, which we have 
surpassed. During fiscal 2024, we received SBTi 
approval for net-zero GHG emissions targets 
aligned with SBTi's Corporate Net-Zero 
Standard, including new near-term and long-term 
reduction targets.

We are on track to achieve our 2025 carbon removal goal
and we set new goals for the future...

SBTi-Approved Net-Zero Targets

Fiscal 2030 Near-term Targets 

80%

55%

reduction of absolute Scope 
1 and 2 GHG emissions 
from fiscal 2019 base year. 

reduction of Scope 3 GHG 
emissions per unit of 
revenue from fiscal 2019 
base year.

Fiscal 2040 Long-term Targets

90%

90%

reduction of absolute Scope 
1 and 2 GHG emissions 
from fiscal 2019 base year.

reduction of absolute Scope 
3 GHG emissions from 
fiscal 2019 base year. 

Our Actions to Reduce Carbon Emissions

Our approach to carbon reduction in support of our goals includes:

• Maintaining 100% renewable electricity. In 2023, we achieved our goal of 100% renewable electricity in our facilities 
and we maintained this in fiscal 2024. As we do not own our facilities and procure most of our energy from the grid, we 
purchase renewable electricity contracts equivalent to the amount of electricity we consume. Going forward, we plan to 
maintain 100% renewable electricity in our facilities. As we purchase renewable electricity, we also support the generation 
of more renewable sources of electricity.

•

•

Enabling low carbon business travel. We continue to use technology to facilitate more cost and carbon-efficient 
delivery for our clients and our business and have implemented an internal carbon price on travel to encourage climate 
smart travel decisions. In addition, we have developed analytics and reporting focused on our business travel emissions 
so that we can share emissions data with our clients as part of our delivery activities.

Engaging our suppliers. We are working with our suppliers to reduce our Scope 3 emissions. Our goal is that 90% of 
our key suppliers disclose their environmental targets and the actions being taken to reduce emissions by the end of 
2025. We are on track to meet this goal, with 89% of key suppliers disclosing their targets and 96% disclosing the actions 
they are taking to reduce their emissions. Key suppliers are defined as vendors that represent a significant portion of our 
2019 Scope 3 emissions.

Carbon Removal

•

Nature-based carbon removal. To address our remaining emissions, we are investing in nature-based carbon removal 
projects to remove carbon from the atmosphere. We plan to begin applying carbon removal credits in fiscal 2025. Our 

