The success of our strategy to be the reinvention partner of our 
clients is reflected in our fiscal 2024 results, including record 
bookings, earnings growth, margin expansion and significant 
cash to shareholders, allowing us to deliver 360° value for all 
our stakeholders.

Revenues 

$64.9B

An increase of 2% in  
local currency and  
1% in U.S. dollars

New bookings 

$81.2B

A 14% increase in local currency 
and 13% increase in U.S. dollars, 
with a book-to-bill of 1.3

Diluted earnings per share (Adjusted) 

Operating margin (Adjusted) 

$11.95

A 2% increase, after adjusting  
FY24 GAAP EPS of $11.44 to exclude 
business optimization costs of $0.51 
per share and FY23 GAAP EPS of $10.77 
to exclude business optimization costs 
of $1.28 per share and an investment 
gain of $0.38 per share. On a GAAP 
basis, FY24 EPS increased 6%

15.5%

An increase of 10 basis points, 
after adjusting FY24 GAAP operating 
margin of 14.8% and FY23 GAAP 
operating margin of 13.7% to exclude 
business optimization costs of 70 
bps and 170 bps, respectively. On a 
GAAP basis FY24 operating margin 
increased 110 bps

Free cash flow 

$8.6B

Cash returned to shareholders 

$7.8B

Defined as operating cash flow of  
$9.1 billion net of property and 
equipment additions of $517 million

Defined as share repurchases of 
$4.5 billion plus cash dividends 
of $3.2 billion

For 12 months ended August 31, 2024

1From our Chair 
and CEO

Fiscal year 2024 demonstrated the resilience and 
agility of our business model, the power of our scale 
and reinvention in action.

The year was marked by a challenging market environment, 
and we rapidly shifted to meet our clients' need for large 
reinventions—using technology, data, AI and new ways of 
working—that utilize the scale and depth of our expertise 
and ecosystem relationships.

2

As part of this, data will continue to be 
essential to building the digital core. We 
expect that the work to prepare enterprise 
data, which is the fuel for AI, will be an 
increasing part of our growth.

To accomplish reinvention and take 
advantage of AI, businesses need to focus 
on talent, which includes accessing the 
best people at the right time, place and 
cost; being a talent creator to keep people 
market-relevant; and unlocking the potential 
of talent. We see talent as a top C-suite 
agenda item.

Our launch of LearnVantage, which provides 
comprehensive technology learning and 
training services, helps our clients reskill 
and upskill their people so they can be a 
talent creator.

Our clients turn to us for 
our unique combination 
of services across Strategy 
& Consulting, Technology, 
Operations, Industry X 
and Song.

Our strategists and deep industry, 
functional, customer and technology 
consultants work hand-in-hand with our 
clients and across services to shape and 
deliver these reinventions. Our managed 
services, our ability to harness AI to close 
talent gaps and our strong expertise across 
talent, change, HR and organizations 
differentiate all our services.

At the same time, we saw AI emerge as 
the new digital. Like digital, AI is both a 
technology and a new way of working, and 
its full value will only come from strategies 
built on both productivity and growth. 
And we believe it will be used in every 
part of the enterprise. We also believe 
the introduction of generative AI signifies 
a transformative era that is set to drive 
growth for us and our clients.

"Our successful strategy to lead 
reinvention for clients, continued 
investments in our business, and the 
talent, dedication and commitment 
of our 774,000 people allowed us to 
achieve profitable growth and create 
360° value for all our stakeholders."

Julie Sweet

4

Our ongoing investments

$6.6B

Deployed across 46 strategic 
acquisitions to scale our business 
in high-growth areas, add skills 
and capabilities in new areas 
and deepen our industry and 
functional expertise

$1.2B

Invested in research and 
development in our assets, 
platforms and industry and 
functional solutions

$1.1B

Invested in learning and 
professional development 
of our people

5

Delivering results

Our success is reflected in our full fiscal 
year bookings of $81 billion, representing 
14% growth in local currency, with a 
record 125 quarterly client bookings of 
more than $100 million for the year, 19 
more than last year, demonstrating our 
agility to shift to meet our clients' need for 
large reinventions.

We are proud to now have 310 Diamond clients, our largest 
client relationships, an increase of 10 from last year, 
expanding our base of deep client relationships and the 
vantage point we have on the market.

We delivered revenues of $65 billion for the year, 
representing 2% growth in local currency while continuing 
to take market share on a rolling four quarter basis, 
against our basket of our closest global publicly traded 
competitors, which is how we calculate market share. We 
expanded adjusted operating margin by 10 basis points and 
delivered adjusted EPS growth of 2%, while continuing to 
significantly invest in our business and our people with $6.6 
billion in strategic acquisitions, $1.2 billion in research and 
development and $1.1 billion in learning and development.

We generated free cash flow of $8.6 billion, defined 
as operating cash flow of $9.1 billion net of property 
and equipment additions of $517 million, allowing 
us to return $7.8 billion of cash to shareholders. We 
completed the business optimization actions we 
announced in March 2023 to reduce structural costs 
and create greater resilience.

In recognition of our strong brand, we were proud to 
earn the No. 20 position on Kantar BrandZ's prestigious 
Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands list—our highest 
rank to date with an 11% increase in brand value to 
$81.9 billion. We also earned the top spot on the World's 
Best Management Consulting Firms list by Forbes.

We continue to advance our talent strategy to attract, 
retain and inspire outstanding people. We also continue 
to work toward carbon emissions reduction and 
removals, and we invest in our communities to help 
them thrive and provide our people with vibrant places 
to work and live.

Read on for more detail.

7

Continued to accelerate our 
leadership in generative AI,  
which we believe will be the most 
transformative technology of  
the next decade, delivering 

$3 billion

in new bookings for the year 

8

Caring for our people and 
our communities

We invested in our people 
to continue to develop their 
market-relevant skills and to 
help us reinvent our services 
using generative AI.

Our people had approximately 44 million 
training hours this year, representing an 
increase of 10% compared with fiscal 
2023, predominantly due to generative 
AI training. We also continue to steadily 
increase our Data & AI workforce, 
reaching approximately 57,000 skilled 
Data & AI practitioners at the end of fiscal 
2024, against our goal of doubling our 
Data & AI workforce to 80,000 by the  
end of fiscal 2026.

We promoted approximately 97,000 
people around the world in fiscal 2024, 
reflecting our commitment to providing 
vibrant career paths.

Over the next decade, our talent strategy 
is to have the best access to talent and 
to unlock our people’s potential through, 
among other actions, making our people 
feel they are “net better off” for working 
at Accenture and feel they belong and 

can thrive. In addition, our leadership 
in the market requires that we lead in 
innovation, which requires access to broad 
pools of talent that provide the variety of 
perspectives, observations and insights 
that are essential to continuously innovate. 
These strategies benefit from a diverse 
and inclusive workplace, and they earned 
us the No. 1 spot on the FTSE (formerly 
Refinitiv) Diversity and Inclusion Index  
for the fifth time in seven years.

We continue to build on our strong 
commitment to environmental 
sustainability in how we operate our 
business. During fiscal 2024, we received 
SBTi approval for new net-zero greenhouse 
gas emissions targets aligned with SBTi's 
Corporate Net-Zero Standard.

Our long-term growth depends on thriving 
communities. We completed our inaugural 
Season of Impact, with over 81,000 of 
our people participating in over 400 
unique activities supporting social and 
environmental causes—volunteering, 
eco-action, social innovation and giving—
across our local offices and online. Overall, 
Accenture people performed 75,000 hours 
of service.

9

Growing our Data 
& AI workforce

57,000

We reached approximately 
57,000 skilled Data & AI 
practitioners against our 
goal of 80,000 by the end 
of fiscal 2026

Promoted 
our people

97,000

We celebrated 
approximately 97,000 
promotions, demonstrating 
our continued commitment 
to creating vibrant careers 
and opportunities for 
our people

Invested in 
our people

44M 

training hours

We delivered 
approximately 
44 million 
training hours

Living our
Leadership Essentials

At the heart of our work are our Leadership Essentials, which foster 
our clients' trust as we help them both navigate tough macros and 
reinvent. Our Leadership Essentials are critical to our long-term 
resilience and growth, as they set the standard for what we expect 
of our leaders at all levels, and they enable us to successfully create 
more 360° value.

11

•  Always do the right thing,
in every decision and action;

•  Lead with excellence, 

confidence and humility, 
as demonstrated by being
a learner, building great 
teams and being naturally 
collaborative;

•  Exemplify client-centricity 
and a commitment to client 
value creation;

•  Act as a true partner, 
to each other, our clients, 
our ecosystem and our 
communities—committed 
to shared success;

•  Care deeply for all our 

people to help them achieve 
their aspirations professionally 
and personally;

•  Live our unwavering 

commitment to inclusion, 
diversity and equality,
as demonstrated by personal 
impact and overall results;

•  Have the courage to 

change and the ability to 
bring our people along the 
journey; and

•  Actively innovate—seeking 
new answers, applying a tech, 
AI and data first mindset, 
looking internally across 
Accenture and outside—to 
partners, competitors, start­
ups, clients, academia and 
analysts—to learn, respectfully 
challenge our assumptions 
and apply the innovation,
and cultivate and reward our 
people for doing the same.

12

Thank You

To our clients, shareholders, 
partners and communities: 
thank you for your ongoing 
support—we work every day 
to earn your continued trust.

And I want to thank our 774,000 amazing 
people around the world, whose talent, 
dedication and commitment help position 
us for continued success and allow us to 
create even more 360° value for all.

Julie Sweet 
Chair and Chief Executive Officer 
October 10, 2024

13 
Comparison of 
Cumulative Total Return

August 31, 2019–August 31, 2024 
Accenture vs. S&P 500 Stock Index and S&P 500 Information Technology Sector Index

The performance graph to the 
right shows the cumulative total 
shareholder return on our Class 
A shares for the period starting 
on August 31, 2019, and ending 
on August 31, 2024, which was 
the end of fiscal 2024. This is 
compared with the cumulative 
total returns over the same period 
of the S&P 500 Stock Index 
and the S&P 500 Information 
Technology Sector Index. The 
graph assumes that, on August 
31, 2019, $100 was invested in 
our Class A shares and $100 was 
invested in each of the other two 
indices, with dividends reinvested 
on the ex-dividend date without 
payment of any commissions. The 
performance shown in the graph 
represents past performance 
and should not be considered an 
indication of future performance.  

$350

$300

$250

$200

$150

$100

$50

$0

2019

2020

2021

2022

2023

2024

Accenture 

S&P 500 Index

S&P 500 Information Technology Sector Index

Indexed Prices as of August 31

2019

2020

2021

2022

2023

2024

Accenture

$100

$123

$175

$152

$173

$186

S&P 500 Index

$100

$122

$160

$142

$165

$209

S&P 500 IT Sector Index

$100

$158

$204

$175

$234

$324

14Ad Age Agency Report
Accenture Song ranked No. 2 
among the world’s biggest agency 
companies, marking 9 consecutive 
years on list

AVTAR & Seramount Best 
Companies for Women in India
Among the top companies for 
9 consecutive years; Hall of 
Fame member since 2020

AVTAR & Seramount Most 
Inclusive Companies Index in India
“Champions of Inclusion” for 
6 consecutive years

Brand Finance Most Valuable IT 
Services Brands
No. 1 for the 6th consecutive year 
with a brand value of $40.5B 

Disability:IN Disability 
Equality Index
Earned a top score of 100 for  
8 consecutive years in the U.S., 
and most recently in all 8 countries 
surveyed: Brazil, Canada, Germany, 
India, Japan, Philippines, U.K. and  
the U.S.

Ethisphere World’s Most 
Ethical Companies
17 consecutive years

Fast Company World 
Changing Ideas 
Recognized in several categories 
including Agriculture, Developing 
World Technology, Experimental 
and Nature

Forbes Global 2000
No. 170, marking 21 
consecutive years on list

Human Rights Campaign 
Corporate Equality Index
Earned a top score of 100 in all 
countries surveyed: Argentina, 
Brazil, Chile, Mexico and the U.S.

JUST Capital America’s Most 
JUST Companies
No. 1 in our industry for 2 
consecutive years and No. 3 overall, 
marking 8 consecutive years on list

Kantar BrandZ 100 Most 
Valuable Global Brands
No. 20 with a brand value of $81.9B, 
marking 19 consecutive years on list

LATINA Style 50 Best Companies 
for Latinas to Work for in the U.S.
No. 3, marking 11 consecutive 
years among the Top 10

Awards & Recognition

Brandon Hall Group 
Excellence in Human Capital 
Management Awards
Top winner for 9 consecutive years; 
recognized this year for DEI, Future of 
Work, HR, Leadership Development, 
Learning & Development, Sales 
Performance, Talent Acquisition  
and Talent Management

Business Group on Health Best 
Employers: Excellence in Health  
& Well-being Award
Recognized for the first time

Business Today India’s Best 
Companies to Work For
No. 2, marking 13 consecutive 
years among the Top 10

Cannes Lions 
Accenture Song won 8 Lions, 
including the prestigious Grand 
Prix Film Lion

CDP Climate Change A List 
Among top-scoring companies 
for 8 years

Forbes World’s Best 
Management Consulting Firms
Earned the top spot

Fortune Global 500
No. 211, marking 23 consecutive 
years on list

Fortune Most Powerful Women 
Chair and CEO Julie Sweet ranked 
No. 4, marking 5 consecutive years 
among the Top 4

Fortune World’s Most 
Admired Companies 
No. 1 in our industry for 11 years  
and No. 33 overall, marking 
22 consecutive years on list

FTSE (formerly Refinitiv) Diversity 
and Inclusion Index
No. 1 for the 5th time in 7 years,  
marking 9 consecutive years on list

Great Place To Work® Best 
Workplaces™
No. 10 on World’s Best Workplaces™; 
No. 14 in Asia; No. 11 in Latin 
America; Top 10 in 10 countries

Stonewall India 
Workplace Equality Index
Gold Employer for 
4 consecutive years

The Times Top 50 Employers 
for Gender Equality in the U.K.
9 consecutive years

TIME World’s Best Companies
No. 2, marking 2 consecutive years 
among the Top 5 

TIME100 Most Influential People
Chair and CEO Julie Sweet 
recognized as an Innovator

Wall Street Journal 
Best-Managed Companies
No. 15 overall, and No. 1 in social 
responsibility and No. 7 in customer 
satisfaction, marking 7 consecutive 
years on list

Workplace Pride Global 
Benchmark
Among the highest-scoring 
companies for 9 consecutive years

15

Stock listing

Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares are traded on 
the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ACN.  

Available information

Our website address is accenture.com. We use our 
website as a channel of distribution for company 
information. We make available free of charge on the 
Investor Relations section of our website (investor.
accenture.com) our Annual Report on Form 10-K, 
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports 
on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports as 
soon as reasonably practicable after such material is 
electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities 
and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) pursuant 
to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”). We also make 
available through our website other reports filed 
with or furnished to the SEC under the Exchange 
Act, including our proxy statements and reports filed 
by officers and directors under Section 16(a) of the 
Exchange Act, as well as our Code of Business Ethics. 
Financial and other material information regarding 
Accenture is routinely posted on and accessible 
at investor.accenture.com. We do not intend for 
information contained in this letter or on our website 
to be part of the Annual Report on Form 10-K. This 
letter and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 
fiscal year ended August 31, 2024 (including the 
sections of our definitive proxy statement relating to 
our 2025 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders 
incorporated by reference), together constitute 
Accenture’s annual report to security holders for 
purposes of Rule 14a-3(b) of the Exchange Act.  

Trademark references 

Rights to trademarks referenced herein, other than 
Accenture trademarks, belong to their respective 
owners. We disclaim proprietary interest in the marks 
and names of others.  

Forward-looking statements and 
certain factors that may affect 
our business

We have included in this letter “forward-looking 
statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the 
Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange 
Act relating to our operations, results of operations 
and other matters that are based on our current 

expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections. 
Words such as “will,” “plan,” “believe,” "expect," "goal" 
and similar expressions are used to identify these 
forward-looking statements. These statements are not 
guarantees of future performance and involve risks, 
uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to 
predict. Forward-looking statements are based upon 
assumptions as to future events that may not prove to 
be accurate. Actual outcomes and results may differ 
materially from what is expressed or forecast in these 
forward-looking statements. Risks, uncertainties 
and other factors that might cause such differences, 
some of which could be material, include, but are 
not limited to, the factors discussed in our Annual 
Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 
10-Q (available through the Investor Relations section 
of our website at investor.accenture.com) under the 
sections entitled “Risk Factors.” Our forward-looking 
statements speak only as of the date of this letter 
or as of the date they are made, and we undertake 
no obligation to update them, notwithstanding any 
historical practice of doing so. Forward-looking and 
other statements in this document may also address 
our corporate responsibility progress, plans and goals 
(including environmental matters), and the inclusion 
of such statements is not an indication that these 
contents are necessarily material to investors or 
required to be disclosed in the Company’s filings with 
the SEC. In addition, historical, current and forward-
looking sustainability-related statements may be 
based on standards for measuring progress that are 
still developing, internal controls and processes that 
continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject 
to change in the future. 

Reconciliation of non-GAAP measures

This letter contains certain non-GAAP (Generally 
Accepted Accounting Principles) measures that our 
management believes provide our shareholders 
with additional insights into Accenture’s results of 
operations. The non-GAAP measures in this letter 
are supplemental in nature. They should not be 
considered in isolation or as alternatives to net income 
as indicators of company performance, to cash flows 
from operating activities as measures of liquidity, or 
to other financial information prepared in accordance 
with GAAP. Reconciliations of this non-GAAP financial 
information to Accenture’s financial statements as 
prepared under GAAP are included in this report.

All amounts throughout this letter are stated in U.S. dollars,  
except where noted.

Some imagery in this document has been generated using 
artificial intelligence technology.

16Table of Contents

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K 

☑

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024
Commission File Number: 001-34448 

Accenture plc 
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Ireland
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)

98-0627530
(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

1 Grand Canal Square,
Grand Canal Harbour,
Dublin 2, Ireland 
(Address of principal executive offices)
(353) (1) 646-2000 
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0000225 per share

ACN

New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes ☑      No ☐
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934.  Yes ☐    No ☑
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to 
such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes ☑     No ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 
of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit 
such files).    Yes ☑     No ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or 
an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth 
company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

Smaller reporting company

☑

☐

Accelerated filer

Emerging growth company

☐

☐

Non-accelerated filer

☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with 
any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its 
internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm 
that prepared or issued its audit report.     ☑    
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in 
the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation 
received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).    Yes ☐    No ☑
The aggregate market value of the common equity of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant on February 29, 2024 was approximately 
$235,672,170,215 based on the closing price of the registrant’s Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0000225 per share, reported on the New York 
Stock Exchange on such date of $374.78 per share and on the par value of the registrant’s Class X ordinary shares, par value $0.0000225 per 
share.
The number of shares of the registrant’s Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0000225 per share, outstanding as of September 30, 2024 was 
672,684,852 (which number includes 47,829,204 issued shares held by the registrant). The number of shares of the registrant’s Class X ordinary 
shares, par value $0.0000225 per share, outstanding as of September 30, 2024 was 307,754.

Table of Contents

Portions of the definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A relating to the 
registrant’s Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, to be held on February 6, 2025, will be incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K in 
response to Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III. The definitive proxy statement will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the 
registrant’s fiscal year ended August 31, 2024.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Table of Contents

Table of Contents

Part I

Item 1.

Business

Item 1A.

Risk Factors

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments

Item 1C.

Cybersecurity

Item 2.

Item 3.

Item 4.

Part II

Item 5.

Item 6.

Item 7.

Properties

Legal Proceedings

Mine Safety Disclosures

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

[Reserved]

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

Item 8.

Item 9.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures

Item 9B.

Other Information

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

Part III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

Item 11.

Executive Compensation

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services

Part IV

Item 15.

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary

Signatures

Page

2

18

32

33

34

34

34

35

36

37

49

50

50

50

51

51

52

52

53

53

54

55

57

58

 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Part I

Part I

1

Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities 
Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) relating to our operations, results 
of operations and other matters that are based on our current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections. Words 
such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “likely,” “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “projects,” “believes,” “estimates,” 
“positioned,” “outlook” and similar expressions are used to identify these forward-looking statements. These statements are 
not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Forward-
looking statements are based upon assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual outcomes and 
results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecast in these forward-looking statements. Risks, uncertainties and 
other factors that might cause such differences, some of which could be material, include, but are not limited to, the factors 
discussed below under the section entitled “Risk Factors.” Our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this 
report or as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update them, notwithstanding any historical 
practice of doing so. Forward-looking and other statements in this document may also address our corporate responsibility 
progress, plans, and goals (including environmental matters), and the inclusion of such statements is not an indication that 
these contents are necessarily material to investors or required to be disclosed in our filings with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission. In addition, historical, current, and forward-looking sustainability-related statements may be based 
on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and 
assumptions that are subject to change in the future.

Available Information

Our website address is www.accenture.com. We use our website as a channel of distribution for company information. We 
make available free of charge on the Investor Relations section of our website (http://investor.accenture.com) our Annual 
Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports 
as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the “SEC”) pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. We also make available through our 
website other reports filed with or furnished to the SEC under the Exchange Act, including our proxy statements and reports 
filed by officers and directors under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, as well as our Code of Business Ethics. Financial and 
other material information regarding us is routinely posted on and accessible at http://investor.accenture.com and on the 
Accenture 360° Value Reporting Experience (http://www.accenture.com/reportingexperience). We do not intend for 
information contained in our website to be part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

The SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other 
information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Any materials we file with the SEC are available on such 
Internet site.

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we use the terms “Accenture,” “we,” “our” and “us” to refer to Accenture plc and its 
subsidiaries. All references to years, unless otherwise noted, refer to our fiscal year, which ends on August 31. 

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business

2

Item 1. Business

Overview 

Accenture is a leading global professional services company that helps the world’s 
leading organizations build their digital core, optimize their operations, accelerate 
revenue growth and enhance services—creating tangible value at speed and scale. We 
are a talent- and innovation-led company with approximately 774,000 people serving 
clients in more than 120 countries. Technology is at the core of change today, and we 
are one of the world’s leaders in helping drive that change, with strong ecosystem 
relationships. We combine our strength in technology and leadership in cloud, data 
and AI with unmatched industry experience, functional expertise and global delivery 
capability. Our broad range of services, solutions and assets across Strategy & 
Consulting, Technology, Operations, Industry X and Song, together with our culture of 
shared success and commitment to creating 360° value, enable us to help our clients 
reinvent and build trusted, lasting relationships. We measure our success by the 360° 
value we create for our clients, each other, our shareholders, partners and 
communities.

We serve clients and manage our business through three 
geographic markets: North America, EMEA (Europe, 
Middle East and Africa) and Growth Markets. These 
markets bring together all of our capabilities across our 
services, industries and functions to deliver value to our 
clients. 

In the first quarter of fiscal 2025, our Latin America market 
unit will move from Growth Markets to North America. 
With this change, North America will become the 
Americas market and Growth Markets will become the 
Asia Pacific market.

We go to market by industry, leveraging our deep 
expertise across our five industry groups—
Communications, Media & Technology, Financial 
Services, Health & Public Service, Products and 
Resources. Our integrated service teams meet client 
needs rapidly and at scale, leveraging our network of 
more than 100 innovation hubs, our technology expertise 
and ecosystem relationships, and our global delivery 
capabilities.

Fiscal 2024 Highlights

$64.9B in revenues

Our revenues are derived primarily from Forbes 
Global 2000 companies, governments and 
government agencies. 

We employed approximately

774,000 people 

as of August 31, 2024. 

We have long-term relationships and 
have partnered with 
our top 100 clients 
for more than 10 years.

Fiscal 2024 Investments

$6.6B

$1.2B

across 46 strategic acquisitions

in research and development

$1.1B

in learning and professional 
development

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business

3

During fiscal 2024, we continued to make significant investments—in strategic acquisitions, in research and development 
(R&D) in our assets, platforms and industry and functional solutions, in patents and pending patents and in attracting, 
retaining and developing people. These investments help us to further enhance our differentiation and competitiveness in the 
marketplace. Our disciplined acquisition strategy, which is an engine to fuel organic growth, is focused on scaling our 
business in high-growth areas; adding skills and capabilities in new areas; and deepening our industry and functional 
expertise. In fiscal 2024, we invested $6.6 billion across 46 strategic acquisitions, $1.2 billion in R&D, and $1.1 billion in 
learning and professional development, including 44 million training hours.

Our Strategy

The core of our growth strategy is to be our clients’ reinvention partner of choice, delivering 360° value to our clients, people, 
shareholders, partners and communities. Our strategy defines the areas in which we will drive growth, build differentiation 
and enable our clients to transform their organizations through technology, data and AI to create value every day. We aspire 
to be at the center of our clients’ business and help them reach new levels of performance and to set themselves apart as 
leaders in their industries. 

We define 360° value as delivering the financial business case and unique value a client may be seeking, and striving to 
partner with our clients to achieve greater progress on inclusion and diversity, reskill and upskill our clients’ employees, help 
our clients achieve their sustainability goals, and create meaningful experiences, both with Accenture and for the customers 
and employees of our clients.

We bring industry specific solutions and services as well as cross industry expertise and leverage our scale and global 
footprint, innovation capabilities, and strong ecosystem partnerships together with our assets and platforms including 
myWizard, myNav, SynOps and AI Navigator for Enterprise to deliver tangible value for our clients.

We help our clients use technology to drive enterprise-wide transformation, which includes:

•

•

•

building their digital core—such as moving them to the cloud, leveraging data and AI, and embedding security across 
the enterprise;

optimizing their operations—such as helping our clients digitize faster, access digital talent and reduce costs as well 
as through digitizing engineering and manufacturing; and

accelerating their revenue growth—such as through using technology and creativity to create personalized 
connections, experiences and targeted sales at scale, leveraging data and AI, transforming content supply chains and 
marketing and commerce models and helping create new digital services and business models.

Our clients turn to us to help them drive reinvention with our unique combination of services across Strategy & Consulting, 
Technology, Operations, Industry X and Song. Our strategists and deep industry, functional, customer and technology 
consultants work hand-in-hand with our clients and across services to shape and deliver these reinventions.

At the same time, we see AI as the new digital. Like digital, AI is both a technology and a new way of working, and its full 
value will only come from strategies built on both productivity and growth. And we believe it will be used in every part of the 
enterprise. We also believe the introduction of generative AI signifies a transformative era that is set to drive growth for us 
and our clients.

To accomplish reinvention and take advantage of AI, businesses need to focus on talent, which includes: accessing the best 
people at the right time, place and cost; being a talent creator to keep people market-relevant; and unlocking the potential of 
talent.  

Our managed services are strategic for our clients as companies seek to move faster, embrace AI and automation and 
leverage our digital platforms and talent as well as reduce costs. 

As clients reinvent, we believe that trends such as sustainability will continue to be forces behind their need to reinvent and 
the outcomes of their reinventions.

We believe our strategy to deliver 360° value makes us an attractive destination for top talent, a trusted partner to our clients 
and ecosystem, and a respected member of our communities.

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business

4

Key enablers of our growth strategy include:

Our People—As a talent- and innovation-led organization, across our entire business our people have highly 
specialized skills that drive our differentiation and competitiveness. We care deeply for our people, and are committed 
to a culture of shared success, to investing in our people to provide them with boundaryless opportunities to learn and 
grow in their careers through their work experience and continued development, training and reskilling, and to helping 
them achieve their aspirations both professionally and personally. We have an unwavering commitment to inclusion 
and diversity.

Our Commitment—We are a purpose-driven company, committed to delivering on the promise of technology and 
human ingenuity by continuously innovating and developing leading-edge ideas and leveraging emerging 
technologies in anticipation of our clients’ needs. Our culture is underpinned by our core values and Code of Business 
Ethics, which are key drivers of the trust our clients and partners place in us.

Our Foundation—Our Leadership Essentials set the standard for what we expect from our people. Our growth model, 
which leverages our global sales, client experience and innovation, while organizing around geographic markets and 
industry groups within those markets, enables us to be close to our clients, people and partners to scale efficiently. Our 
enduring shareholder value proposition is also a key element of the foundation that enables us to execute on our 
growth strategy through the financial value it creates. 

Geographic Markets

Our geographic markets—North America, EMEA and Growth 
Markets—bring together integrated service teams, which 
typically consist of industry and functional experts, technology 
and capability specialists and professionals with local market 
knowledge and experience, to meet client needs. The 
geographic markets have primary responsibility for building 
and sustaining long-term client relationships; bringing together 
our expertise from around the globe and collaborating across 
our business to sell and deliver our full range of services and 
capabilities; ensuring client satisfaction; and achieving 
revenue and profitability objectives.

While we serve clients in locally relevant ways, our global 
footprint and scale in every major country give us the ability to 
leverage our experience and people from around the world to 
accelerate outcomes for our clients. 

Our three geographic markets are our reporting segments. 
The percent of our revenues represented by each market is 
shown at right.

Percent of Fiscal 2024 RevenueNorth America47%EMEA35%Growth Markets17%Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business

5

Services
We bring together skills, capabilities, industry experience and functional expertise to help our clients achieve tangible 
outcomes and create 360° value.

Strategy & Consulting

We work with C-suite executives, leaders and boards of the world’s leading organizations, helping them reinvent every part 
of their enterprise to drive greater growth, enhance competitiveness, implement operational improvements, reduce cost, 
deliver sustainable 360° stakeholder value, and set a new performance frontier for themselves and the industry in which they 
operate. Our deep industry and functional expertise is supported by proprietary assets and solutions that help organizations 
transform faster and become more resilient. Underpinned by technology, data, analytics, AI, change management, talent, 
learning and sustainability capabilities, our Strategy & Consulting services help architect and accelerate all aspects of an 
organization’s reinvention.

Technology

We provide innovative and comprehensive services and solutions that span cloud; systems integration and application 
management; security; intelligent platform services; infrastructure services; software engineering services; data and AI; 
automation; and global delivery through our Advanced Technology Centers. We continuously innovate our services, 
capabilities and platforms through early adoption of new technologies such as generative AI, blockchain, robotics, 5G, edge 
computing, metaverse and quantum computing. We provide a range of capabilities that addresses the challenges faced by 
organizations today, including how to achieve reinvention, manage change and develop new growth opportunities.

We are continuously innovating and investing in R&D for both existing and new forms of technology. Our focus in our 
Accenture Labs includes furthering innovation beyond traditional boundaries, such as science and space technologies. Our 
innovation hubs around the world help clients innovate at unmatched speed, scope and scale. We have strong relationships 
with the world’s leading technology companies, as well as emerging start-ups, which enable us to enhance our service 
offerings, augment our capabilities and deliver distinctive business value to our clients. Our strong ecosystem relationships 
provide a significant competitive advantage, and we are a key partner of a broad range of technology providers, including 
Adobe, Alibaba, Amazon Web Services, Blue Yonder, Cisco, Databricks, Dell, Google, HPE, IBM RedHat, Microsoft, NVIDIA, 
Oracle, Palo Alto Networks, Pegasystems, Salesforce, SAP, ServiceNow, Snowflake, VMware, Workday and many others. In 
addition to our mature partners, we invest in emerging technologies through Accenture Ventures. We push the boundaries of 
what technology can enable and help clients get the most value and best capabilities out of platforms.

Operations

We operate business processes on behalf of clients for specific enterprise functions, including finance and accounting, 
sourcing and procurement, supply chain, marketing and sales, and human resources, as well as industry-specific services, 
such as platform trust and safety, banking, insurance, network and health services. We help organizations to reinvent 
themselves through intelligent operations, enabled by SynOps, our cloud enabled platform that empowers people with data, 
processes, automation, generative AI and a broad ecosystem of technology partners to transform enterprise operations at 
speed and scale. 

Industry X

We combine our digital capabilities with deep engineering and manufacturing expertise. By using the combined power of 
digital and data we help our clients to reinvent and reimagine the products they make and how they make them. This 
includes helping our clients to digitally transform how their capital projects are planned, managed and executed, from plant 
and asset construction to public infrastructure, power grids and data centers. We collaborate closely with our platform and 
software partners to help our clients achieve compressed transformations by redefining how their products are designed and 
engineered, tested, sourced and supplied, manufactured, and serviced, returned and renewed. We also design, 
manufacture, and assemble our own advanced automation equipment, robotics and other specialized commercial hardware 
to support our clients’ operations. Through the use of data and transformative technologies such as AI and generative AI, 
Internet of Things, artificial reality/virtual reality, advanced robotics, digital twins and metaverse, we help our clients reinvent 
to achieve greater resilience, productivity and sustainability in their core operations and design and engineer intelligent 
products faster and more cost effectively. And in doing so, we help them create new, hyper-personalized experiences and 
intelligent products and services.

Song

We help our clients create new, hyper-personalized experiences and services that are intelligently designed to foster loyalty 
and drive growth by making customer interactions more compelling, useful, and simple from initial interaction through 
ongoing customer service. Our suite of services spans design, digital products, marketing, commerce, and customer service. 
We create products and experiences that resonate deeply with users across multiple channels. We help brands amplify their 
value, by making their propositions clear and inspiring to stand out in a crowded marketplace. Our commerce strategies are 
designed to enhance sales effectiveness and create seamless buying experiences. Our customer service innovations help 
make support more responsive and accessible. We bring cross industry expertise, underpinning these services with 

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business

6

technology. We leverage the combined power of strategy, data and AI (including generative AI), ecosystem partnerships, and 
our ability to scale and manage programs on behalf of our clients. By doing so, we enhance our creative processes, solve 
client challenges more effectively, and provide solutions that are designed to be advanced, ethically sound and sustainable to 
help our clients reinvent how they engage with their customers.

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business

7

Industry Groups  

We believe the depth and breadth of our industry expertise is a key competitive advantage which allows us to bring client-
specific industry solutions to our clients to accelerate value creation. Our industry focus gives us an understanding of 
industry evolution, business issues and trends, industry operating models, capabilities and processes and new and emerging 
technologies. The breadth of our industry expertise enables us to create solutions that are informed by cross industry 
experience. We go to market through the following five industry groups within our geographic markets.

Communications, Media & Technology

FY24 Revenues of $10.8B
Percent of Group’s FY24 Revenue

40%
Communications & Media

18%
High Tech

42%
Software & Platforms

B2C and B2B communications service providers (both 
fixed and mobile), MVNO (mobile virtual network 
operators) and network infrastructure companies 
inclusive of edge and IOT connectivity infrastructure, 
cable and satellite communications, broadcasters and 
TV networks, gaming, print, online and traditional 
publishing, entertainment, sports, content producers 
(including studios), content aggregators and streaming 
live events (sports) and media infrastructure providers, 
integrated advertising agencies and creative

Enterprise technology, 
hardware, and associated 
manufacturing; consumer 
technology, electronics, 
batteries, and associated 
manufacturing; network 
equipment and device 
providers and 
manufacturers, data 
centers; semiconductor 
including silicon design 
and development, 
foundries, capital 
equipment, and 
manufacturing; medical 
equipment companies and 
manufacturers

Cloud-based enterprise and consumer software 
companies, large language model owners; both 
subscription and ad-driven consumer platforms 
spanning ecommerce, social, media, advertising and 
gaming

Financial Services

FY24 Revenues of $11.6B
Percent of Group’s FY24 Revenue

69%
Banking & Capital Markets

31%
Insurance

Retail and commercial banks, mortgage lenders, payment providers, corporate and investment 
banks, private equity firms, market infrastructure providers, wealth and asset management 
firms, broker/dealers, depositories, exchanges, clearing and settlement organizations, 
retirement services providers and other diversified financial enterprises

Property and casualty, life and annuities 
and group benefits insurers, reinsurance 
firms and insurance brokers

Health & Public Service

FY24 Revenues of $13.8B
Percent of Group’s FY24 Revenue

31%
Health

69%
Public Service

Healthcare providers, such as hospitals, 
public health systems, policy-making 
authorities, health insurers (payers), and 
industry organizations and associations

Defense departments and military forces; public safety authorities; justice departments; 
human and social services agencies; educational institutions; non-profit organizations; cities; 
transportation agencies; and postal, customs, revenue and tax agencies

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business

8

Our work with clients in the U.S. federal government is delivered through Accenture Federal Services, a U.S. company and a 
wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture LLP, and represented approximately 37% of our Health & Public Service industry 
group’s revenues and 17% of our North America revenues in fiscal 2024. 

Products

FY24 Revenues of $19.6B
Percent of Group’s FY24 Revenue

46%
Consumer Goods, Retail & Travel Services

34%
Industrial

Food and beverage, household goods, personal care, tobacco, 
fashion/apparel, agribusiness and consumer health companies; 
supermarkets, hardline retailers, mass-merchandise discounters, 
department, quickserve and convenience stores and specialty 
retailers; aviation; and hospitality and travel services companies

Industrial & electrical equipment 
manufacturers and industrial 
suppliers; and construction, heavy 
equipment, consumer durables, 
engineering services, real estate, 
freight & logistics, aerospace & 
defense, automotive & mobility and 
public transportation companies

20%
Life Sciences

Biopharmaceutical, medical 
technology and distributors

Resources

FY24 Revenues of $9.1B
Percent of Group’s FY24 Revenue

29%
Chemicals & Natural 
Resources

25%
Energy

46%
Utilities

Petrochemicals, specialty chemicals, 
polymers and plastics, gases and 
agricultural chemicals companies, as 
well as the metals, mining, forest 
products and building materials 
industries

Oil and gas industries, including 
upstream, midstream, 
downstream, oilfield services, 
clean energy and energy 
trading companies

Power generators and developers, including nuclear, renewables 
and other conventional generators; electric and gas transmission 
and distribution operators, energy and energy service retailers; 
water, waste and recycling service providers

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business

9

People

Overview

We are a talent- and innovation-led organization with approximately 774,000 people as of August 31, 2024, whose skills and 
specialization are a significant source of competitive differentiation.

We serve clients at any given time in more than 120 countries, with offices and operations in 52 countries. The majority of 
our people are in India, the Philippines and the U.S.

We have a culture of shared success, which is defined as success for our clients, our people, our shareholders, our partners 
and our communities. That culture is built upon four tangible building blocks—our beliefs, our behaviors, the way we develop 
and reward our people and the way we do business.

Our Beliefs and Behaviors 

Our leadership essentials set the standard for what we expect of all our people:

•

•

•

•

•

always do the right thing, in every decision and action;

•

lead with excellence, confidence and humility, as 
demonstrated by being a learner, building great teams 
and being naturally collaborative; 

exemplify client-centricity and a commitment to client 
value creation; 

act as a true partner, to each other, our clients, our 
ecosystem and our communities—committed to shared 
success;

•

•

care deeply for all our people to help them achieve 
their aspirations professionally and personally;

live our unwavering commitment to inclusion, 
diversity and equality, as demonstrated by personal 
impact and overall results; 

have the courage to change and the ability to bring our 
people along the journey; and

actively innovate—seeking new answers, applying a 
tech, AI and data first mindset, looking internally across 
Accenture and outside—to partners, competitors, start-
ups, clients, academia and analysts—to learn, 
respectfully challenge our assumptions and apply the 
innovation, and cultivate and reward our people for 
doing the same.

Listening to the voices of our people provides the input to ensure that they have the tools and resources to do their jobs and 
the right learning opportunities, and that they experience a positive, respectful and inclusive work environment. We do this on 
an ongoing basis across various channels, including surveys and forums. Among our people who participated in the Great 
Place To Work® Trust Index Survey™, 78% agreed that “Taking everything into account, I would say this is a great place to 
work.” Additionally, we are recognized as a top 10 place to work in 11 countries, representing more than 70% of our people. 

Our purpose is to deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity. Our strategy is to deliver 360° value for all our 
stakeholders by helping them continuously reinvent. To drive reinvention, innovation must be at the forefront, which requires 
us to attract, develop and inspire top talent. Talent is one of our most important areas of competitive differentiation. As part of 
our talent strategy, we hire and develop people who have different backgrounds, different perspectives, and different lived 
experiences. These differences ensure that we have and attract the cognitive diversity to deliver a variety of perspectives, 
observations, and insights which are essential to drive the innovation needed to reinvent. To help achieve this diversity we 
set goals, share them publicly, and collect data to measure our progress, continuously improve, and hold our leaders 
accountable for ensuring we have the most innovative and talented people in our industry. This approach is a key driver of 
our progress.

We recognize that some people come to Accenture having faced obstacles as an aspect of their identity or lived experience. 
At Accenture, we are committed to harness these perspectives and ensure that all of our people have the opportunity to 
thrive and unlock their full potential. We are a meritocracy. Our intention is to foster a culture and a workplace in which all of 
our people feel a sense of belonging and are respected and empowered to do their best work and to create 360° value for all 
our stakeholders.

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business

10

We are 48% women, compared to our gender parity goal by 2025. And, we are currently 
30% women managing directors, in line with our 2025 goal. We are also working toward our 
total workforce 2025 race and ethnicity goals in the U.S., the U.K., and South Africa, which 
we announced in 2020.

•

•

•

In the U.S., African American and Black colleagues represent 12% of our workforce, in 
line with our goal. Additionally, Hispanic American and Latinx colleagues represent 
10% of our workforce, compared to our goal of 13%.

In the U.K., Black colleagues represent 6% of our workforce compared to our goal of 
7%.

In South Africa, African Black colleagues represent 47% of our workforce compared to 
our goal of 68%. Coloured colleagues represent 10% of our workforce, in line with our 
goal.

We are committed to pay equity and have processes in place to compensate our people 
fairly—across gender, race and ethnicity. Pay equity at Accenture means that our people 
receive pay that is fair and consistent when considering similarity of work, location and 
tenure at career level. We conduct an annual pay equity review. As of our last review, 
which reflected pay changes effective December 1, 2023, we had dollar-for-dollar, 100% 
pay equity for women compared to men in every country where we operate (certain 
subsidiaries, recent acquisitions, countries with de minimis headcount and temporary 
employees were excluded from the analysis). By race and ethnicity, we likewise had 
dollar-for-dollar, 100% pay equity in the U.S., the U.K. and South Africa, which are the 
locations where we currently have the data available to use for this purpose. 

We are 

48%
Women 
compared to 
our goal of 50% by
2025. 

We are now

30%
Women 
managing 
directors
in line with
our goal of 30% by 
2025.

The Way We Develop and Reward Our People

Our focus is to create talent and unlock the potential of our people, to create strong leaders, and to help them achieve their 
professional and personal aspirations, while continuously pivoting to meet new client demands.

During fiscal 2024, we invested $1.1 billion in learning and professional development. With our digital learning platform, we 
delivered approximately 44 million training hours, an increase of 10% compared with fiscal 2023, predominantly due to 
generative AI training.

We have skills data for our people, enabling us to flexibly respond to shifting client needs while also recommending skill-
specific training based on an individual’s interests. We upskill people at scale, while proactively defining new skills and roles 
in anticipation of client needs. We also continue to steadily increase our Data & AI workforce, reaching approximately 57,000 
skilled Data & AI practitioners at the end of fiscal 2024, against our goal of doubling our Data & AI workforce to 80,000 by the 
end of fiscal 2026.

We are focused on rigorous, job-specific training through key industry certifications and partnerships with leading universities 
around the globe. We also train our people on inclusion and mitigating unconscious bias.

We promoted approximately 97,000 people in fiscal 2024, demonstrating our continued commitment to creating vibrant 
careers and opportunities for our people.

We balance our supply of skills with changes in client demand. We do this through adjusting levels of new hiring and 
managing our attrition (both voluntary and involuntary). We believe people are drawn to our strong purpose, values and 
reputation. For fiscal 2024, attrition, excluding involuntary terminations, was 13%, consistent with fiscal 2023. For the fourth 
quarter of fiscal 2024, annualized attrition, excluding involuntary terminations, was 14%, consistent with the third quarter of 
fiscal 2024.

Accenture’s total rewards consist of cash compensation, equity and a wide range of benefits. Our total rewards program is 
designed to recognize our people’s skills, contributions and career progression. Base salary, bonus and equity are tailored to 
the market where our people work and live. Certain rewards, like equity and bonuses, are opportunities for our people to 
share in the overall success of our company. As our people advance in their careers, they have greater opportunities to be 
rewarded. Accenture’s equitable rewards go beyond financial rewards and include health and well-being programs that care 
for our people.

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business

11

The Way We Do Business

At Accenture, our people care deeply about doing the right thing. Together, we have proven that we can succeed—providing 
value to our clients and shareholders and opportunities for our people—while being a powerful force for good. Our shared 
commitment to operating with the highest ethical standard and making a positive difference in everything we do is what we 
believe differentiates Accenture. We believe in transparency, that transparency builds trust, and that we must earn the trust of 
our clients, our people, our partners and our communities each and every day.

Our Code of Business Ethics is organized into six fundamental behaviors: Make Your Conduct Count; Comply with Laws; 
Deliver for Our Clients; Protect People, Information and Our Business; Run Our Business Responsibly; and Be a Good 
Corporate Citizen. It applies to all our people—regardless of their title or location. With our Code of Business Ethics, we want 
to help our people make ethical behavior a natural part of what we do every day—with each other, our clients, our partners 
and our communities.

Accenture’s commitment to and focus on our people and culture has generated significant recognition, including No. 1 on the 
FTSE (formerly Refinitiv) Diversity and Inclusion Index for the fifth time in seven years; Ethisphere’s World’s Most Ethical 
Companies for 17 consecutive years; and ranking No. 10 among 25 companies on Great Place To Work® World's Best 
Workplaces™. 

Our Health, Safety and Well-Being

We are committed to creating a place where people can be successful both professionally and personally. We take a holistic 
view of well-being—including physical, mental, emotional and financial well-being—providing specially defined programs and 
practices to meet our people’s fundamental human needs. 

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business

12

Environmental Sustainability

We help our clients together with our ecosystem partners, to define, measure and achieve their environmental, social and 
governance goals by connecting sustainability with their transformation agendas across their strategy and operations to make 
their value chains more sustainable.

We have a strong commitment to environmental sustainability in how we operate our business, and we hold ourselves 
accountable to clear and measurable objectives. For example, in 2020, we established a 2025 carbon removal goal—
previously referred to as our 2025 net-zero emissions goal—and we are on track to achieve this goal.

Our environment goals discussed below span three areas: reducing and removing our carbon emissions, moving toward zero 
waste and planning for water risk.

Our Goals to Reduce and Remove our Carbon Emissions

Our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions primarily 
result from business travel and purchased goods 
and services, since we have 100% renewable 
electricity in our facilities.

We continue to work toward our 2025 carbon 
removal goal by first focusing on reductions 
across our Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions and then 
removing any remaining emissions through 
nature-based carbon removal projects.

We are a signatory to the UN Global Compact 
Business Ambition for 1.5°C Pledge, committing 
to do our part to keep global warming below 1.5° 
Celsius in alignment with the Paris Agreement 
and the criteria and recommendations of the 
Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). 

In 2018, we established a SBTi 2025 near-term 
emissions reduction target, which we have 
surpassed. During fiscal 2024, we received SBTi 
approval for net-zero GHG emissions targets 
aligned with SBTi's Corporate Net-Zero 
Standard, including new near-term and long-term 
reduction targets.

We are on track to achieve our 2025 carbon removal goal
and we set new goals for the future...

SBTi-Approved Net-Zero Targets

Fiscal 2030 Near-term Targets 

80%

55%

reduction of absolute Scope 
1 and 2 GHG emissions 
from fiscal 2019 base year. 

reduction of Scope 3 GHG 
emissions per unit of 
revenue from fiscal 2019 
base year.

Fiscal 2040 Long-term Targets

90%

90%

reduction of absolute Scope 
1 and 2 GHG emissions 
from fiscal 2019 base year.

reduction of absolute Scope 
3 GHG emissions from 
fiscal 2019 base year. 

Our Actions to Reduce Carbon Emissions

Our approach to carbon reduction in support of our goals includes:

• Maintaining 100% renewable electricity. In 2023, we achieved our goal of 100% renewable electricity in our facilities 
and we maintained this in fiscal 2024. As we do not own our facilities and procure most of our energy from the grid, we 
purchase renewable electricity contracts equivalent to the amount of electricity we consume. Going forward, we plan to 
maintain 100% renewable electricity in our facilities. As we purchase renewable electricity, we also support the generation 
of more renewable sources of electricity.

•

•

Enabling low carbon business travel. We continue to use technology to facilitate more cost and carbon-efficient 
delivery for our clients and our business and have implemented an internal carbon price on travel to encourage climate 
smart travel decisions. In addition, we have developed analytics and reporting focused on our business travel emissions 
so that we can share emissions data with our clients as part of our delivery activities.

Engaging our suppliers. We are working with our suppliers to reduce our Scope 3 emissions. Our goal is that 90% of 
our key suppliers disclose their environmental targets and the actions being taken to reduce emissions by the end of 
2025. We are on track to meet this goal, with 89% of key suppliers disclosing their targets and 96% disclosing the actions 
they are taking to reduce their emissions. Key suppliers are defined as vendors that represent a significant portion of our 
2019 Scope 3 emissions.

Carbon Removal

•

Nature-based carbon removal. To address our remaining emissions, we are investing in nature-based carbon removal 
projects to remove carbon from the atmosphere. We plan to begin applying carbon removal credits in fiscal 2025. Our 

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business

13

nature-based carbon removal projects will also support and respect the universal principles of the UNGC in the relevant 
areas of human rights, labor, environment, anticorruption and the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). 

Moving Toward Zero Waste

•

•

Addressing e-waste and office furniture. We have a goal of reusing or recycling 100% of our e-waste, such as 
computers and servers, as well as all our office furniture, by the end of 2025. During fiscal 2024, we reused or recycled 
nearly 100% of our e-waste relating to computers, servers and uninterruptible power supply devices. We continue to 
refine our processes, leverage our asset tracking system and work with vendors to help us extend the life cycle of our 
furniture, including through refurbishment and reuse or recycling.

Eliminate single-use plastics in our office locations. During fiscal 2024, we continued to meet our goal of eliminating 
single-use plastics in our office locations by purchasing reusable and plastic-free items. 

Planning for Water Risk

• Mitigating the potential impacts of climate change-related water risk. Although Accenture is not a water-intensive 

company, to safeguard our people and operations we are developing water resiliency action plans to reduce the impact of 
climate-related flooding, drought and water scarcity on our business and our people in high-risk areas. We have 
completed plans for approximately 90% of our facilities in high-risk areas.

 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business

14

Global Delivery Capability

A key differentiator is our global delivery capability. We have one of the world’s largest networks of centers with deep 
capabilities in Strategy & Consulting, Technology, Operations, Industry X and Song, that allows us to help our clients create 
exceptional business value. It brings the right people at the right time to our clients from anywhere in the world—both in 
physical and virtual working environments—a capability that is particularly crucial as business needs and conditions change 
rapidly. Our global approach provides scalable innovation; standardized processes, methods and tools; automation and AI; 
industry expertise and specialized capabilities; cost advantages; foreign language fluency; proximity to clients; and time zone 
advantages—to deliver high-quality solutions. Emphasizing quality, productivity, reduced risk, speed-to-market and 
predictability, our global delivery model supports all parts of our business to provide clients with price-competitive services 
and solutions. 

Innovation and Intellectual Property 

We are committed to developing leading-edge ideas and leveraging emerging technologies and we see innovation as a 
source of competitive advantage. We use our investment in R&D—on which we spent $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion and $1.1 billion 
in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively—to help clients address new realities in the marketplace and to face the future 
with confidence.

Our innovation experts work with clients across the world to imagine their future, build and co-create innovative business 
strategies and technology solutions, and then scale those solutions to sustain innovation. We harness our unique intellectual 
property to deliver these innovation services.

We have a global portfolio of patents and pending patent applications covering various technology areas, including AI, cloud, 
metaverse, cybersecurity, blockchain, automation, extended reality, analytics and quantum. We leverage patent, trade secret 
and copyright laws as well as contractual arrangements and confidentiality procedures to protect the intellectual property in 
our innovative services and solutions. These include our proprietary platforms, software, reusable knowledge capital, and 
other innovations. We also have policies to respect the intellectual property rights of third parties, such as our clients, 
partners, vendors and others. 

We believe our combination of people, assets and capabilities, including our global network of more than 100 innovation 
hubs, makes Accenture one of the leading strategic innovation partners for our clients. We have deep expertise in innovation 
consulting including strategy, culture change and building new business models through to long-term technology innovation, 
which creates the products and markets of the future. 

This is all supported by our innovation approach, which includes Accenture Research, Accenture Ventures and Accenture 
Labs as well as our Studios, Innovation Centers and Delivery Centers. Our research and thought leadership teams help 
identify market, technology and industry trends. Accenture Ventures partners with and invests in growth-stage companies 
that create innovative enterprise technologies. Accenture Labs incubate and prototype new concepts through applied 
research and development projects. Within this, we incubate and apply emerging technology innovation to business 
architectures, including blockchain, metaverse, extended reality and quantum.

To protect Accenture’s brands, we rely on intellectual property laws and trademark registrations held around the world. 
Trademarks appearing in this report are the trademarks or registered trademarks of Accenture Global Services Limited, 
Accenture Global Solutions Limited, or third parties, as applicable.

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business

15

Competition

Accenture operates in a highly competitive and rapidly changing global marketplace. We compete with a variety of 
organizations that offer services and solutions competitive with those we offer—but we believe no other company offers the 
full range of services at scale that Accenture does, which uniquely positions us in a highly competitive market. Our clients 
typically retain us on a non-exclusive basis. 

Our competitors include large multinational IT service providers, including the services arms of large global technology 
providers; off-shore IT service providers in lower-cost locations, particularly in India; accounting firms and consultancies that 
provide consulting, managed services and other IT services and solutions; solution or service providers that compete with us 
in a specific geographic market, industry or service area, including advertising agency holding companies, engineering 
services providers and technology start-ups; and in-house IT departments of large corporations that use their own resources 
rather than engage an outside firm, such as global capability centers ( “GCC’s”). 

We believe Accenture competes successfully in the marketplace because: 

• We are focused on creating 360° value, which we 
define as delivering the financial business case and 
unique value a client may be seeking, and striving to 
partner with our clients to achieve greater progress on 
inclusion and diversity, reskill and upskill our clients’ 
employees, help our clients achieve their sustainability 
goals, and create meaningful experiences, both with 
Accenture and for the customers and employees of our 
clients;

• We are a trusted partner with long-term client 

relationships and a proven track record for delivering 
from strategy to execution, on large, complex programs 
at speed that drive outcomes and tangible value;  

• We provide a broad range of services bringing 

together our capabilities at scale and have a significant 
presence in every major geographic market, enabling us 
to leverage our global expertise in a local context to 
deliver the best solutions, and our managed services 
help companies move faster by leveraging our digital 
platform and talent and reduce costs;

•

The breadth and scale of our technology 
capabilities, combined with our strong relationships 
with our technology ecosystem partners, enable us to 
help clients transform and re-platform in a sustainable 
way at speed;

•

• We have deep industry and cross-industry 

expertise, which enable us to accelerate value as 
clients transform their products, customer experiences 
and optimize their operations;

• We continuously invest in advanced tools, methods 
and platforms, and the highly specialized skills of 
our people, to create repeatable industry and cross 
industry solutions and assets, that can scale at speed, 
leveraging our deep experience, knowledge and insights 
across industries, functions and services, often with our 
ecosystem partners;

•

Our industry-leading innovation approach—including 
Accenture Research, Accenture Ventures and Accenture 
Labs as well as our Studios, Innovation Centers and 
Delivery Centers—reflects our commitment to 
continuous innovation and enables us to rapidly identify, 
incubate, and scale emerging technology solutions for 
our clients;

• We have deep experience in AI, having embedded AI 

across our worldwide service delivery approach for more 
than a decade, and are making significant investments 
in solutions at scale to help our clients responsibly 
advance and use AI, and generative AI, to develop new 
strategies, operating models, business cases and digital 
core architecture, enabling them to achieve greater 
growth, efficiency, and resiliency, while accelerating 
value; and

Our goal is to recruit the most talented people in our 
markets, and we have an unwavering commitment to 
inclusion and diversity, which creates an environment 
that unleashes innovation, and a world-class learning 
organization that helps us continuously invest in the 
development of our people, and we believe our strategy 
to deliver 360° value makes us an attractive destination 
for top talent, a trusted partner to our clients and 
ecosystem, and a respected member of our 
communities. 

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business

16

Information About Our Executive Officers 

Our executive officers as of October 10, 2024 are as follows:

Angela Beatty, 53, became our chief leadership and human resources officer in September 2024. 
From April 2022 to September 2024, Ms. Beatty was our global lead for talent, rewards and 
employee experience. From 2015 to 2022, she served in a variety of other leadership roles in 
human resources at Accenture, including as the lead for total rewards. Prior to joining Accenture, 
Ms. Beatty spent 15 years with Towers Watson (now Willis Towers Watson) as a consultant and 
ultimately practice leader for the rewards, talent and change business. Ms. Beatty has been with 
Accenture for 9 years. 

Melissa Burgum, 52, became our chief accounting officer in September 2022 and has served as 
our corporate controller since September 2021. Prior to that, Ms. Burgum served as our assistant 
corporate controller from December 2016 to September 2021 and as controller for Accenture 
Federal Services from May 2013 to December 2016. Prior to joining Accenture, Ms. Burgum held 
controllership roles at two public companies and was previously an auditor and consultant for Arthur 
Andersen. Ms. Burgum has been with Accenture for 11 years.

Atsushi Egawa, 59, became our co-chief executive officer—Asia Pacific and chief executive officer 
—Japan in September 2024. Since September 2015, Mr. Egawa has served as our market unit lead 
in Japan. Prior to September 2015, Mr. Egawa led our Products industry group in Japan. Prior to 
that role, he led our Consumer Goods business in Japan. He has partnered closely with numerous 
global clients on their digital transformations and was integral in the opening of Accenture’s 
Innovation Hub in Tokyo. Mr. Egawa has been with Accenture for 35 years.

Mauro Macchi, 59, became our chief executive officer—EMEA in September 2024. From 
September 2021 to September 2024, Mr. Macchi served as our market unit lead for Italy, Central 
Europe and Greece. From March 2020 to September 2021, Mr. Macchi served as the Strategy & 
Consulting lead for Europe. Previously, he served as our Financial Services lead for Europe from 
November 2019 to March 2020, Financial Services lead for Italy, Central Europe and Greece from 
October 2017 to October 2019 and global Banking industry lead for Strategy from March 2015 to 
September 2017. Mr. Macchi has been with Accenture for 34 years.

KC McClure, 59, became our chief financial officer in January 2019. From June 2018 to January 
2019, she served as managing director—Finance Operations, where she led our finance operations 
across the entirety of our businesses. From December 2016 to May 2018, she served as our finance 
director—Communications, Media & Technology. Prior to assuming that role, she served as our 
head of investor relations from September 2010 to November 2016, and from March 2002 to August 
2010, she served as our finance director—Health & Public Service. Ms. McClure has been with 
Accenture for 36 years.

Ryoji Sekido, 57, became our co-chief executive officer—Asia Pacific and chief executive officer—
Asia Oceania in September 2024. From April 2023 to September 2024, Mr. Sekido served as our 
Technology lead for Growth Markets. Prior to March 2023, Mr. Sekido served as the Technology and 
Cloud First lead for Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa. In his earlier roles, he led several industry 
and technology teams and served as the Financial Services client service group lead and the 
Financial Services technology consulting lead for APAC. Mr. Sekido has been with Accenture for 32 
years.

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business

17

Manish Sharma, 56, became our chief executive officer—North America in September 2023 and 
our chief executive officer—the Americas in September 2024. Prior to that, Mr. Sharma served as 
our chief operating officer from March 2022 to September 2023. From March 2020 to March 2022, 
Mr. Sharma served as our group chief executive—Operations. From September 2016 to March 
2020, Mr. Sharma served as the group operating officer for Operations. From January 2009 to 
September 2016, Mr. Sharma was our senior managing director for Accenture Operations Global 
Delivery and Solution Development and global sales lead for Accenture Operations Business 
Process Outsourcing (BPO). Previously, he led our BPO operations in the Asia Pacific region. Mr. 
Sharma has been with Accenture for 29 years.

Julie Sweet, 57, became chair of our Board of Directors in September 2021 and has served as our 
chief executive officer since September 2019. From June 2015 to September 2019, she served as 
our chief executive officer—North America. From March 2010 to June 2015, she served as our 
general counsel, secretary and chief compliance officer. Prior to joining Accenture in 2010, Ms. 
Sweet was a partner for 10 years in the law firm Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, which she joined as 
an associate in 1992. Ms. Sweet has been with Accenture for 14 years and has served as a director 
since September 2019.

Joel Unruch, 46, became our general counsel in September 2019 and has served as our corporate 
secretary since June 2015. Mr. Unruch also served as our chief compliance officer from September 
2019 to January 2020. Mr. Unruch joined Accenture in 2011 as our assistant general counsel and 
assistant secretary and also oversaw ventures & acquisitions and alliances & ecosystems practices 
for our legal group. Prior to joining Accenture, Mr. Unruch was corporate counsel at Amazon.com 
and previously an associate in the corporate department of the law firm Cravath, Swaine & Moore 
LLP. Mr. Unruch has been with Accenture for 13 years.

John Walsh, 60, became our chief operating officer in September 2023. From March 2020 to 
September 2023, Mr. Walsh served as our chief strategic accounts and global sales officer. From 
November 2019 to March 2020, he served as our group chief executive—Communications, Media & 
Technology. He served as senior managing director—Communications, Media & Technology in 
North America, from 2013 to 2019. Mr. Walsh has been with Accenture for 38 years.

Organizational Structure 

Accenture plc was incorporated in Ireland on June 10, 2009 as a public limited company. We operate our business through 
subsidiaries of Accenture plc. 

The Consolidated Financial Statements reflect the ownership interests in Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. held by certain 
current and former members of Accenture Leadership as noncontrolling interests. The noncontrolling ownership interests 
were less than 1% as of August 31, 2024. “Accenture Leadership” is comprised of members of our global management 
committee (our primary management and leadership team, which consists of approximately 50 of our most senior leaders), 
senior managing directors and managing directors.  

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

18

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully 
consider the following factors which could materially adversely affect our business, 
financial condition, results of operations (including revenues and profitability) and/or 
stock price. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that may 
broadly affect companies, including us. Additional risks and uncertainties not 
currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also could materially 
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or stock 
price. Risks in this section are grouped in the following categories: (1) Business Risks; 
(2) Financial Risks; (3) Operational Risks; and (4) Legal and Regulatory Risks. Many 
risks affect more than one category, and the risks are not in order of significance or 
probability of occurrence because they have been grouped by categories.

Business Risks

Our results of operations have been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by volatile, 
negative or uncertain economic and geopolitical conditions and the effects of these conditions 
on our clients’ businesses and levels of business activity. 

Global macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions affect us, our clients’ businesses and the markets they serve. Volatile, 
negative and uncertain economic and geopolitical conditions have in the past undermined and could in the future undermine 
business confidence in our significant markets and other markets, which are increasingly interdependent, causing our clients 
to reduce or defer their spending on new initiatives and technologies, and resulting in clients reducing, delaying or eliminating 
spending under existing contracts with us, which negatively affects our business. Growth in some of the markets we serve 
has slowed and could continue to slow, or could slow in other markets or stagnate or contract, in each case, for an extended 
period of time. Because we operate globally and have significant businesses in many markets, an economic slowdown in any 
of those markets could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Ongoing economic and geopolitical volatility and uncertainty and changing demand patterns affect our business in a number 
of other ways, including making it more difficult to accurately forecast client demand and effectively build our revenue and 
resource plans, particularly in consulting. Economic and geopolitical volatility and uncertainty is particularly challenging 
because it may take some time for the effects and changes in demand patterns resulting from these and other factors to 
manifest themselves in our business and results of operations. Changing demand patterns from economic and political 
volatility and uncertainty, including as a result of increasing geopolitical tensions, inflation, economic downturns, changes in 
global trade policies, global health emergencies and their impact on us, our clients and the industries we serve, have in the 
past had a negative impact and could in the future have a significant negative impact on our results of operations. For 
example, some of these conditions slowed the pace and level of client spending, particularly for smaller contracts with a 
shorter duration and for our consulting services during fiscal 2024. Clients continue to prioritize large-scale transformations, 
which convert to revenue over a longer period. 

Our business depends on generating and maintaining client demand for our services and 
solutions, including through the adaptation and expansion of our services and solutions in 
response to ongoing changes in technology and offerings, and a significant reduction in such 
demand or an inability to respond to the evolving technological environment could materially 
affect our results of operations. 

Our financial results depend in part on the demand for our services and solutions, which could be negatively affected by 
numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control and unrelated to our work product. As described above, volatile, 
negative or uncertain global economic and political conditions and lower growth or contraction in the markets we serve have 
adversely affected and could in the future adversely affect client demand for our services and solutions. Our success 
depends, in part, on our ability to continue to develop and implement services and solutions that anticipate and respond to 
rapid and continuing changes in technology and offerings to serve the evolving needs of our clients. Examples of areas of 
significant change include digital-, cloud- and security-related offerings, which are continually evolving, as well as 
developments in areas such as AI, including generative AI, augmented and virtual reality, automation, blockchain, Internet of 
Things, quantum and edge computing, infrastructure and network engineering, intelligent connected products, digital 

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

19

engineering and manufacturing, and robotics solutions. As we expand our services and solutions into these new areas, we 
may be exposed to operational, legal, regulatory, ethical, technological and other risks specific to such new areas, which may 
negatively affect our reputation and demand for our services and solutions.

Technological developments may materially affect the cost and use of technology by our clients and, in the case of cloud, 
data and AI solutions, could affect the nature of how we generate revenue. Some of these technological developments have 
reduced and replaced, in whole or in part, some of our historical services and solutions and will continue to do so in the 
future. This has caused, and may in the future cause, clients to delay spending under existing contracts and engagements 
and to delay entering into new contracts while they evaluate new technologies. Such technological developments and 
spending delays can negatively impact our results of operations if we are unable to introduce new pricing or commercial 
models that reflect the value of these technological developments or if the pace and level of spending on new technologies 
are not sufficient to make up any shortfall.

Developments in the industries we serve, which may be rapid, also could shift demand to new services and solutions. If, as a 
result of new technologies or changes in the industries we serve, our clients demand new services and solutions, we may be 
less competitive in these new areas or need to make significant investment to meet that demand. Our growth strategy 
focuses on responding to these types of developments by driving innovation and making strategic investments in 
acquisitions, joint ventures and adjacencies to our current offerings that will enable us to expand our business into new 
growth areas. If we do not sufficiently invest in new technology and adapt to industry developments, or evolve and expand 
our business at sufficient speed and scale, or if we do not make the right strategic investments to respond to these 
developments and successfully drive innovation, our services and solutions, our results of operations, and our ability to 
develop and maintain a competitive advantage and to execute on our growth strategy could be adversely affected.  

In a particular geographic market, service or industry group, a small number of clients have contributed, or may, in the future 
contribute, a significant portion of the revenues of such geographic market, service or industry group, and any decision by 
such a client to delay, reduce, or eliminate spending on our services and solutions have had and could in the future have a 
disproportionate impact on the results of operations in the relevant geographic market, service or industry group.

Many of our consulting contracts are less than 12 months in duration, and these contracts typically permit a client to 
terminate the agreement with as little as 30 days’ notice. Longer-term, larger and more complex contracts, such as the 
majority of our managed services contracts, generally require a longer notice period for termination and often include an 
early termination charge to be paid to us, but this charge might not be sufficient to cover our costs or make up for anticipated 
ongoing revenues and profits lost upon termination of the contract. Many of our contracts allow clients to terminate, delay, 
reduce or eliminate spending on the services and solutions we provide. Additionally, a client could choose not to retain us for 
additional stages of a project, try to renegotiate the terms of its contract or cancel or delay additional planned work. When 
contracts are terminated or not renewed, we lose the anticipated revenues, and it may take significant time to replace the 
level of revenues lost. Consequently, our results of operations in subsequent periods could be materially lower than 
expected. The specific business or financial condition of a client, changes in management and changes in a client’s strategy 
are also all factors that can result in terminations, cancellations or delays. 

Risks and uncertainties related to the development and use of AI could harm our business, 
damage our reputation or give rise to legal or regulatory action.

We are increasingly applying AI-based technologies, including generative AI, to our services and solutions, to how we deliver 
work to our clients, and to our own internal operations. In addition, we are creating new offerings to implement AI solutions 
for clients. We have made significant investments in AI and are continuing to incur significant development and operational 
costs to develop and deploy our AI services and solutions for ourselves and for our clients. If we fail to continue to develop 
leading AI services and solutions, including generative AI, we may lose our leadership position in this area and fail to realize 
the anticipated benefits of our investments in AI. 

AI technologies are complex and rapidly evolving, and we face significant competition, including from our own clients, who 
may develop their own internal AI-related capabilities, which can lead to reduced demand for our services or solutions. As 
these technologies evolve, some services and tasks currently performed by our people will be replaced by automation, 
including AI-enabled solutions, which will lead to reduced demand for our services and/or adversely affect the utilization rate 
of our professionals, if demand for those services is not replaced by demand for new services. Leveraging AI capabilities for 
our internal functions and operations presents additional risks, costs, and challenges, including those discussed in these risk 
factors.

The development, adoption, and use of AI technologies is still in the early stages and involve significant risks and 
uncertainties, which may expose us to legal, reputational and financial harm. AI algorithms and training methodologies may 
be flawed and datasets may be overbroad, insufficient, or contain biased information. Moreover, the use of AI may give rise 
to risks related to harmful content, accuracy, bias, intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, defamation, data 
privacy, cybersecurity and health and safety, among others, and also bring the possibility of new or enhanced governmental 

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

20

or regulatory scrutiny, litigation or other legal liability, or ethical concerns that could adversely affect our business, reputation, 
or financial results. 

Evolving rules, regulations, and industry standards governing AI may require us to incur significant costs to modify, maintain, 
or align our business practices, services and solutions to comply with US and non-US rules and regulations, the nature of 
which cannot be determined at this time and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Several jurisdictions where 
we operate are considering or have proposed or enacted legislation and policies regulating AI and non-personal data, such 
as the European Union’s AI Act and the U.S.’s Executive Order on AI. These regulations may impose significant 
requirements on how we design, build and deploy AI and handle non-personal data for ourselves and our clients or limit our 
ability to incorporate certain AI capabilities into our offerings.

While we aim to develop and use AI responsibly and attempt to identify and mitigate ethical and legal issues presented by its 
use, we may be unsuccessful in identifying or resolving issues before they arise. Any failure to address concerns relating to 
the responsible use of AI technology in our services and solutions may cause harm to our reputation or financial liability and, 
as such, may increase our costs to address or mitigate such risks and issues.

If we are unable to match people and their skills with client demand around the world and 
attract and retain professionals with strong leadership skills, our business, the utilization rate 
of our professionals and our results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

Our success is dependent, in large part, on our ability to keep our people with market-leading skills and capabilities in 
balance with client demand around the world and our ability to attract and retain people with the knowledge and skills to lead 
our business globally. We must hire or reskill, retain and inspire appropriate numbers of talented people with diverse skills, 
backgrounds, perspectives, and lived experiences in order to serve clients across the globe, respond quickly to rapid and 
ongoing changes in demand, technology, industry and the macroeconomic environment, and continuously innovate to grow 
our business. For example, if we are unable to hire or retrain our employees to keep pace with the rapid and continuous 
changes in technology and the industries we serve, we may not be able to innovate and deliver new services and solutions 
to fulfill client demand. There is competition for scarce talent with market-leading skills and capabilities in new technologies, 
and our people have been directly targeted because of their highly sought-after skills and this will likely continue. 

There is a risk that at certain points in time, as a result of technological developments or changes in demand, we may have 
more people than we need in certain skill sets or geographies or at compensation levels that are not aligned with skill sets. In 
these situations, we have engaged, and may in the future engage, in actions to rebalance our workforce, including reducing 
the rate of new hires and increasing involuntary terminations as a means to keep our supply of people and skills in balance 
with client demand. In some countries we are required by local law to consult with employee representative bodies such as 
works councils, which may constrain our operational flexibility and efficiency in balancing our workforce with client demand 
and make us less competitive. In addition, while an immaterial percentage of our global workforce is currently unionized, the 
unionization of significant employee populations could result in higher costs and other operational impediments.

At certain times and in certain geographical regions, we will find it difficult to hire and retain a sufficient number of employees 
with the skills or backgrounds to meet current and/or future demand. In these cases, we might need to redeploy existing 
people or increase our reliance on subcontractors to fill certain labor needs. If we are not successful in these initiatives, our 
results of operations could be adversely affected.

If our utilization rate is too high or too low, it could have an adverse effect on employee engagement and attrition, the quality 
of the work performed as well as our ability to staff projects. 

We are particularly dependent on retaining members of Accenture Leadership with critical capabilities. If we are unable to do 
so, our ability to innovate, generate new business opportunities and effectively lead large and complex transformations and 
client relationships could be jeopardized. We depend on identifying, developing and retaining top talent to innovate and lead 
our businesses. This includes developing talent and leadership capabilities in markets where the depth of skilled employees 
may be limited. Our ability to expand in our key markets depends, in large part, on our ability to attract, develop, retain and 
integrate both leaders for the local business and people with critical capabilities. 

Our equity-based incentive compensation plans and other variable cash compensation programs, as well as promotions, are 
designed to reward high-performing individuals for their contributions and provide incentives for them to remain with us. If the 
anticipated value of such incentives or the pace of promotions does not materialize because of company performance or 
volatility or lack of positive performance in our stock price, or if our total compensation package is not viewed as being 
competitive, our ability to attract and retain the people we need could be adversely affected. In addition, if we do not obtain 
the shareholder approval needed to continue granting equity awards under our share plans in the amounts we believe are 
necessary, our ability to attract and retain people could be negatively affected. 

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

21

We face legal, reputational and financial risks from any failure to protect client and/or 
Accenture data from security incidents or cyberattacks. 

We are dependent on information technology networks and systems to securely process, transmit and store electronic 
information and to communicate among our locations around the world and with our people, clients, ecosystem partners and 
vendors. As the breadth and complexity of this infrastructure continues to grow, including as a result of the increasing 
reliance on, and use of, mobile technologies, social media and cloud-based services, as more of our employees continue to 
work remotely, and as cyberattacks become increasingly sophisticated (e.g. deepfakes and AI generated social engineering), 
the risk of security incidents and cyberattacks has increased. Threat actors may leverage emerging AI technologies to 
develop new hacking tools and attack vectors, exploit vulnerabilities, obscure their activities, and increase the difficulty of 
threat attribution. Such incidents could lead to shutdowns or disruptions of or damage to our systems and those of our 
clients, ecosystem partners and vendors, and unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential information, including 
personal data and proprietary business information. In the past, we have experienced, and in the future, we may again 
experience, data security incidents resulting from unauthorized access to our and our service providers’ systems and 
unauthorized acquisition of our data and our clients’ data including: inadvertent disclosure, misconfiguration of systems, 
phishing ransomware or malware attacks. In addition, our clients have experienced, and may in the future experience, 
breaches of systems and cloud-based services enabled, managed or provided by us. To date these incidents have not had a 
material impact on our or our clients’ operations; however, there is no assurance that such impacts will not be material in the 
future, and such incidents have in the past and may in the future have the impacts discussed below. 

In providing services and solutions to clients, we often manage, utilize and store sensitive or confidential client, Accenture or 
other third-party data, including customer and other personal data and proprietary information, and we expect these activities 
to increase, including through the use of AI, the Internet of Things and analytics. Unauthorized disclosure or use of, denial of 
access to, or other incidents involving sensitive or confidential client, vendor, ecosystem partner or Accenture data, whether 
through systems failure, employee negligence, fraud, misappropriation, or cybersecurity, ransomware or malware attacks, or 
other intentional or unintentional acts, could damage our reputation and our competitive positioning in the marketplace, 
disrupt our or our clients’ business, cause us to lose clients and result in significant financial exposure and legal liability. 
Similarly, unauthorized access to or through, denial of access to, downtime or other incidents involving, our software and IT 
supply chain or software-as-a-service providers, our or our service providers’ information systems or those we develop for 
our clients, whether by our employees or third parties, including a cyberattack by computer programmers, hackers, members 
of organized crime and/or state-sponsored organizations, who continuously develop and deploy viruses, ransomware, 
malware or other malicious software programs or social engineering attacks, has and could in the future result in negative 
publicity, significant remediation costs, legal liability, damage to our reputation and government sanctions and could have a 
material adverse effect on our results of operations — see risk factor below entitled “Our business could be materially 
adversely affected if we incur legal liability.” Cybersecurity threats are constantly expanding and evolving, becoming 
increasingly sophisticated and complex, increasing the difficulty of detecting and defending against them and maintaining 
effective security measures and protocols. 

We are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect this information, including privacy and cybersecurity 
laws such as the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the United Kingdom’s GDPR, U.S. states’ 
recent comprehensive privacy legislation, as well as various other U.S. federal and state laws governing the protection of 
privacy, health or other personally identifiable information and data privacy and cybersecurity laws in other regions, and 
related contractual obligations. These laws and regulations continue to evolve, are increasing in complexity and number and 
increasingly conflict among the various countries in which we operate, which has resulted in greater compliance risk and cost 
for us. Various privacy laws impose compliance obligations regarding the handling of personal data, including localization of 
data and the cross-border transfer of data, and significant financial penalties for noncompliance. For example, failure to 
comply with the GDPR may lead to regulatory enforcement actions, which can result in monetary penalties of up to 4% of 
worldwide revenue, orders to discontinue certain data processing operations, civil lawsuits, or reputational damage. If any 
person, including any of our employees, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect 
to client, third-party or Accenture data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates that data, we could be subject to 
significant litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution in one or more 
jurisdictions. These monetary damages might not be subject to a contractual limit of liability or an exclusion of consequential 
or indirect damages and could be significant. In addition, our liability insurance, which includes cyber insurance, might not be 
sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security incidents, cyberattacks and other related incidents.

The markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and we might not be able to compete 
effectively. 

The markets in which we offer our services and solutions are highly competitive. Our competitors include: 

•

•

large multinational IT service providers, including the services arms of large global technology providers; 

off-shore IT service providers in lower-cost locations, particularly in India; 

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

22

•

•

•

accounting firms and consultancies that provide consulting, managed services and other IT services and solutions; 

solution or service providers that compete with us in a specific geographic market, industry or service area, including 
advertising agency holding companies, engineering services providers and technology start-ups and other companies 
that can scale rapidly to focus on or disrupt certain markets and provide new or alternative products, services or delivery 
models; and

in-house IT departments of large corporations that use their own resources, rather than engage an outside firm, such as 
the growing number of companies that are setting up global capability centers (“GCC’s”). 

Some competitors may have greater financial, marketing or other resources than we do and, therefore, may be better able to 
compete for new work and skilled professionals, may be able to innovate and provide new services and solutions faster than 
we can or may be able to anticipate the need for services and solutions before we do. Our competitors may also team 
together to create competing offerings.

Even if we have potential offerings that address marketplace or client needs, competitors may be more successful at selling 
similar services they offer, including to companies that are our clients. Some competitors are more established in certain 
markets, and may make executing our growth strategy to expand in these markets more challenging. Additionally, 
competitors may also offer more aggressive pricing or contractual terms, which may affect our ability to win work. Our future 
performance is largely dependent on our ability to compete successfully and expand in the markets we currently serve. If we 
are unable to compete successfully, we could lose market share and clients to competitors, which could materially adversely 
affect our results of operations. 

In addition, we may face greater competition due to consolidation of companies in the technology sector through strategic 
mergers, acquisitions or teaming arrangements. Consolidation activity may result in new competitors with greater scale, a 
broader footprint or offerings that are more attractive than ours. New services or technologies offered by competitors, 
ecosystem partners or new entrants may make our offerings less differentiated or less competitive when compared to other 
alternatives, which may adversely affect our results of operations. The technology companies described above, including 
many of our ecosystem partners, are increasingly able to offer services related to their software, platform, cloud migration 
and other solutions, or are developing software, platform, cloud migration and other solutions that require integration services 
to a lesser extent or replace them in their entirety. These more integrated services and solutions may represent more 
attractive alternatives to clients than some of our services and solutions, which may materially adversely affect our 
competitive position and our results of operations.

Our ability to attract and retain business and employees may depend on our reputation in the 
marketplace.

We believe the Accenture brand name and our reputation are important corporate assets that help distinguish our services 
and solutions from those of competitors and also contribute to our efforts to recruit and retain talented employees. However, 
our corporate reputation is susceptible to material damage by events such as disputes with clients or competitors, 
cybersecurity incidents or service outages, internal control deficiencies, delivery or solution failures, compliance violations, 
government investigations or legal proceedings. We may also experience reputational damage from employees, advocacy 
groups, regulators, investors and other stakeholders that disagree with the services and solutions that we offer, the clients or 
markets that we serve, or the ways in which we operate our business. Similarly, our reputation could be damaged by actions 
or statements of current or former clients, directors, employees, competitors, vendors, ecosystem partners, joint venture 
partners, adversaries in legal proceedings, legislators or government regulators, as well as members of the investment 
community or the media, including social media influencers and advocacy groups. 

There is a risk that negative or inaccurate information about Accenture, even if based on rumor or misunderstanding, could 
adversely affect our business. Damage to our reputation could be difficult, expensive and time-consuming to repair, could 
make potential or existing clients reluctant to select us for new engagements or could negatively impact our relationships with 
ecosystem partners, resulting in a loss of business, and could adversely affect our recruitment and retention efforts. Damage 
to our reputation could also reduce the value and effectiveness of the Accenture brand name and could reduce investor 
confidence in us, materially adversely affecting our share price. 

Our brand and reputation are also associated with our public commitments to various corporate environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) initiatives. Our disclosures on these matters and any failure or perceived failure to achieve or accurately 
report on our commitments, could harm our reputation and adversely affect our client relationships or our recruitment and 
retention efforts, as well as expose us to potential legal liability. In addition, positions we take or do not take on these issues 
may be unpopular with some of our employees, our clients or potential clients, our investors, legislators or government 
regulators, as well as members of the media, or advocacy groups, which may impact our ability to attract or retain employees 
or the demand for our services. We also may choose not to conduct business with potential clients or discontinue or not 
expand business with existing clients due to these positions. 

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

23

If we do not successfully manage and develop our relationships with key ecosystem partners 
or if we fail to anticipate and establish new alliances in new technologies, our results of 
operations could be adversely affected.

We have alliances with companies whose capabilities complement our own. A very significant portion of our revenue and 
services and solutions are based on technology or software provided by a few major ecosystem partners. See “Business—
Services.” 

The business that we conduct through these alliances could decrease or fail to grow for a variety of reasons. The priorities 
and objectives of our ecosystem partners may differ from ours. They offer services and solutions that compete with some of 
our services and solutions. They may also form closer or preferred arrangements with our competitors.

Some of our ecosystem partners are also large clients or suppliers of technology to us. The decisions we make vis-à-vis an 
ecosystem partner may impact our ongoing alliance relationships with other members of our ecosystem. 

Our ecosystem partners may at times be impacted by global events, the changing macroeconomic environment and supply 
chain or service disruptions, as well as rapid increases in demand for their products and services, any of which may impact 
their ability to provide their products and services within our expected timeframes or at anticipated prices. In addition, our 
ecosystem partners may also experience reduced demand for their technology or software, including, for example, in 
response to changes in technology, which could lessen related demand for our services and solutions.

We must anticipate and respond to continuous changes in technology and develop alliance relationships with new providers 
of relevant technology and services. We must secure meaningful alliances with these providers early in their life cycle so that 
we can develop the right number of certified people with skills in new technologies. If we are unable to maintain our 
relationships with current partners and identify new and emerging providers of relevant technology to expand our network of 
ecosystem partners, we may not be able to differentiate our services or compete effectively in the market.

If we do not obtain the expected benefits from our alliance relationships for any reason, we may be less competitive, our 
ability to offer attractive solutions to our clients may be negatively affected, and our results of operations could be adversely 
affected. 

Financial Risks

Our profitability could materially suffer due to pricing pressure, if we are unable to remain 
competitive, if our cost-management strategies are unsuccessful or if we experience delivery 
inefficiencies or fail to satisfy certain agreed-upon targets or specific service levels. 

Our profitability is highly dependent on a variety of factors and could be materially impacted by any of the following: 

Pricing pressures have had and may continue to have a negative impact on our profitability. The rates we are able to 
charge for our services and solutions are affected by a number of factors, including: 

•

•

•

•

•

•

general economic and political conditions; 

our clients’ desire to reduce their costs; 

the competitive environment in our industry; 

the introduction of new technologies (such as generative AI), services or products by competitors, which could reduce 
our ability to obtain favorable pricing and impact our overall economics for the services or solutions we offer;

our ability to accurately estimate our service delivery costs, upon which our pricing is sometimes determined, including 
our ability to estimate the impact of inflation and foreign exchange on our service delivery costs over long-term 
contracts; and 

the procurement practices of clients and their use of third-party advisors. 

Our profitability could suffer if we are not able to remain competitive. The competitive environment in our industry 
affects our ability to secure new contracts at our target economics in a number of ways, any of which could have a material 
negative impact on our results of operations. The less we are able to differentiate our services and solutions and/or clearly 
convey the value of our services and solutions, the more risk we have in winning new work in sufficient volumes and at our 
target pricing and overall economics. Competitors may be willing, at times, to take on more risk or price contracts lower than 
us in an effort to enter the market or increase market share.  

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

24

Our profitability could suffer if our cost-management strategies are unsuccessful, and we may not be able to 
improve our profitability. Our ability to improve or maintain our profitability is dependent on our being able to successfully 
manage our costs, including taking actions to reduce certain costs and optimize our business. Our cost management 
strategies include maintaining appropriate alignment between the demand for our services and solutions and the workforce 
needed to deliver them. If we are not effective in managing our operating costs in response to changes in demand or pricing, 
or if we are unable to cost-effectively hire and retain people with the knowledge and skills necessary to deliver our services 
and solutions, particularly in areas of new technologies and offerings and in the right geographic locations, we may incur 
increased costs, which could reduce our ability to continue to invest in our business in an amount necessary to achieve our 
planned rates of growth and our desired levels of profitability.

If we do not accurately anticipate the cost, risk and complexity of performing our work or if third parties upon whom 
we rely do not meet their commitments, then our contracts could have delivery inefficiencies and be less profitable 
than expected or unprofitable. Our contract profitability is highly dependent on our forecasts regarding the effort and cost 
necessary to deliver our services and solutions, which are based on available data and could turn out to be materially 
inaccurate. If we do not accurately estimate the effort, costs or timing for meeting our contractual commitments and/or 
completing engagements to a client’s satisfaction, our contracts could yield lower profit margins than planned or be 
unprofitable.

Moreover, many of our contracts include clauses that tie our ultimate compensation to the achievement of agreed-upon 
performance standards or milestones. If we fail to satisfy these measures, it could significantly reduce or eliminate our fees 
under the contracts, increase the cost to us of meeting performance standards or milestones, delay expected payments or 
subject us to potential damage claims under the contract terms, any of which could significantly affect our profitability. We 
also have a number of contracts in which a portion of our compensation depends on performance measures such as cost-
savings, revenue enhancement, benefits produced, business goals attained and adherence to schedule. These goals can be 
complex and may depend on our clients’ actual levels of business activity or may be based on assumptions that are later 
determined not to be achievable or accurate and could negatively impact our profit margins if not achieved. Similarly, if we 
experience unanticipated delivery difficulties due to our management, the failure of third parties or our clients to meet their 
commitments, or for any other reason, our contracts could yield lower profit margins than planned or be unprofitable.

We are increasingly entering into contracts for large, complex client engagements to transform our clients’ businesses. These 
deals may involve transforming a client’s business, transitioning it to the cloud and updating their technology, while operating 
portions of their business. The scale and complexity of these projects present risks in execution and profitability challenges 
as a result of the costs we incur and investments we make at the beginning of these transactions. In particular, large and 
complex arrangements often require that we utilize subcontractors or that our services and solutions incorporate or 
coordinate with the software, systems or infrastructure requirements of other vendors and service providers, including 
companies with which we have alliances. Our profitability depends on the ability of these subcontractors, vendors and 
service providers to deliver their products and services in a timely manner, at the anticipated cost, and in accordance with the 
project requirements, as well as on our effective oversight of their performance. In some cases, these subcontractors are 
small firms, and they might not have the resources or experience to successfully integrate their services or products with 
large-scale engagements or enterprises. Some of this work involves new technologies, which may not work as intended or 
provide anticipated productivity gains, or may take more effort to implement than initially predicted. In addition, certain client 
work requires the use of unique and complex structures and alliances, some of which require us to assume responsibility for 
the performance of third parties whom we do not control. Any of these factors could adversely affect our ability to perform 
and subject us to additional liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our relationships with clients and on our 
results of operations. 

Changes in our level of taxes, as well as audits, investigations and tax proceedings, or 
changes in tax laws or in their interpretation or enforcement, could have a material adverse 
effect on our effective tax rate, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

We are subject to taxes in numerous jurisdictions. We calculate and provide for taxes in each tax jurisdiction in which we 
operate. Tax accounting often involves complex matters and requires our judgment to determine our worldwide provision for 
income taxes and other tax liabilities. We are subject to ongoing audits, investigations and tax proceedings in various 
jurisdictions. Tax authorities have disagreed, and may in the future disagree, with our judgments, and are taking increasingly 
aggressive positions opposing the judgments we make, including with respect to our intercompany transactions. We regularly 
assess the likely outcomes of our audits, investigations and tax proceedings to determine the appropriateness of our tax 
liabilities. However, our judgments might not be sustained as a result of these audits, investigations and tax proceedings, and 
the amounts ultimately paid could be materially different from the amounts previously recorded. 

In addition, our effective tax rate in the future could be adversely affected by challenges to our intercompany transactions, 
changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws or in their interpretation or enforcement, 
changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates and changes in accounting principles, including 
the U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Tax rates and policies in the jurisdictions in which we operate may change 

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

25

materially as a result of shifting economic, social and political conditions. In addition, changes in tax laws, treaties or 
regulations, or their interpretation or enforcement, have become more unpredictable and may become more stringent, which 
could materially adversely affect our tax position. A number of countries where we do business, including the United States 
and many countries in the European Union, have implemented, and are considering implementing, changes in relevant tax, 
accounting and other laws, regulations and interpretations. There remains significant uncertainty around whether these 
changes will ultimately be implemented and, if implemented, the extent of their impact.  

The overall tax environment remains highly uncertain and increasingly complex. The European Commission has been 
conducting investigations, focusing on whether local country tax rulings or tax legislation provides preferential tax treatment 
that violates European Union state aid rules. In the U.S., various proposals to raise corporate income taxes are periodically 
considered. Individual countries across the globe and the European Union have either enacted or plan to enact digital taxes 
to impose incremental taxes on companies based on where ultimate users are located. The Organization for Economic Co-
operation and Development (“OECD”), a global coalition of member countries, further developed a two-pillar plan to reform 
international taxation. The plan aims to prevent the proliferation of separate new digital taxes and to ensure a fairer 
distribution of profits among countries by creating a new global system to tax income based on the location of users, and to 
impose a floor on tax competition through the introduction of a global minimum tax. Ireland and other countries where we 
operate have enacted Pillar Two, the OECD’s global minimum tax rate, which will apply to us beginning with fiscal year 2025. 
Other countries are also actively considering changes to their tax laws to adopt certain parts of the OECD’s two-pillar 
framework. We cannot predict the impact to our income taxes of future OECD guidance and interpretations, related local 
country tax legislation, and local challenges to our Pillar Two positions. However, we expect Pillar Two to further increase 
complexity and uncertainty around income taxes. The increased focus of various jurisdictions on challenging tax positions 
and enacting new tax laws could have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate, results of operations, cash flows 
and financial condition.

Although we expect to be able to rely on the tax treaty between the United States and Ireland, legislative or diplomatic action 
could be taken, or the treaty may be amended in such a way, that would prevent us from being able to rely on such treaty. 
Our inability to rely on the treaty would subject us to increased taxation or significant additional expense. In addition, we 
could be materially adversely affected by changes in the laws (or in their interpretation or enforcement) around the definition 
of a U.S. person for U.S. federal income tax purposes and by changes in tax law or policy (or in their interpretation or 
enforcement) in Ireland or other jurisdictions where we operate, including their treaties with Ireland or the United States. 

Our results of operations could be materially adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign 
currency exchange rates. 

Although we report our results of operations in U.S. dollars, a majority of our revenues is denominated in currencies other 
than the U.S. dollar. Unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have had an adverse effect, and could in 
the future have a material adverse effect, on our results of operations.

Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate revenues, expenses and 
income, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting 
period. Therefore, changes in the value of the U.S. dollar against other currencies will affect our revenues, operating income 
and the value of balance-sheet items, including intercompany payables and receivables, originally denominated in other 
currencies. These changes cause our growth stated in U.S. dollars to be higher or lower than our growth in local currency 
when compared against other periods. Our currency hedging programs, which are designed to partially offset the impact on 
consolidated earnings related to the changes in value of certain balance sheet items, might not be successful. Additionally, 
some transactions and balances may be denominated in currencies for which there is no available market to hedge. 

As we continue to leverage our global delivery model, more of our expenses are incurred in currencies other than those in 
which we bill for the related services. An increase in the value of certain currencies, such as the Indian rupee or Philippine 
peso, against the currencies in which our revenue is recorded could increase costs for delivery of services at off-shore sites 
by increasing labor and other costs that are denominated in local currency. Our contractual provisions or cost management 
efforts might not be able to offset their impact, and our currency hedging activities, which are designed to partially offset this 
impact, might not be successful. This could result in a decrease in the profitability of our contracts that are utilizing delivery 
center resources. In addition, our currency hedging activities are themselves subject to risk. These include risks related to 
counterparty performance under hedging contracts, risks related to ineffective hedges and risks related to currency 
fluctuations. We also face risks that extreme economic conditions, political instability, or hostilities or disasters of the type 
described below could impact or perhaps eliminate the underlying exposures that we are hedging. Such an event could lead 
to losses being recognized on the currency hedges then in place that are not offset by anticipated changes in the underlying 
hedged exposure. 

Our debt obligations could adversely affect our business and financial condition.

Our current debt, and any additional indebtedness we incur, may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial 
results by, among other things, requiring the dedication of a portion of our expected cash from operations to service our 

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

26

indebtedness, thereby reducing the amount of cash flow available for other purposes. We may also be required to raise 
additional financing, which will depend on, among other factors, our financial position and performance, as well as prevailing 
market conditions and other factors beyond our control. We may not be able to obtain additional financing or refinancing on 
terms acceptable to us, or at all, which could adversely impact our ability to service our outstanding indebtedness or to repay 
our outstanding indebtedness as it becomes due and could adversely impact our business and financial condition. 
Additionally, further indebtedness may increase the risk of a future downgrade in our credit ratings, which could increase 
future debt costs and limit the future availability of debt financing.

Changes to accounting standards or in the estimates and assumptions we make in connection 
with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements could adversely affect our 
financial results. 
Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. It is possible 
that changes in accounting standards could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. 
The application of generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions about certain 
items and future events that affect our reported financial condition and results of operations, and our accompanying 
disclosure with respect to, among other things, revenue recognition and income taxes. Our most critical accounting estimates 
are described in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under “Critical 
Accounting Policies and Estimates.” We base our estimates on historical experience, contractual commitments and various 
other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances and at the time they are made. These 
estimates and assumptions involve the use of judgment and are subject to significant uncertainties, some of which are 
beyond our control. If our estimates, or the assumptions underlying such estimates, are not correct, actual results may differ 
materially from our estimates, and we may need to, among other things, adjust revenues or accrue additional costs that 
could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Operational Risks

As a result of our geographically diverse operations and our strategy to continue to grow in 
our key markets around the world, we are more susceptible to certain risks.

We have offices and operations in more than 200 cities in 52 countries around the world. One aspect of our strategy is to 
continue to grow in our key markets around the world. Our strategy might not be successful. If we are unable to manage the 
risks of our global operations and strategy, our results of operations and ability to grow could be materially adversely 
affected.

Health emergencies or pandemics; acts of terrorist violence; political, social and civil unrest; regional and international war 
and other hostilities and international responses to these wars and hostilities; natural disasters, sea level rise, floods, 
droughts and water scarcity, heat waves, wildfires and storms, occurrences of which may increase in frequency and severity 
as a result of climate change; or the threat of or perceived potential for these events; and other acts of god have had and 
could in the future have significantly negative impacts on us. These events could adversely affect our clients’ levels of 
business activity and precipitate sudden and significant changes in regional and global economic conditions and cycles. 
These events also pose significant risks to our people and to physical facilities and operations around the world, whether the 
facilities are ours or those of our ecosystem partners, suppliers or clients. By disrupting communications and travel and 
increasing the difficulty of obtaining and retaining highly skilled and qualified people, these types of events impact our ability 
to deliver our services and solutions to our clients. Extended disruptions of electricity, other public utilities or network or cloud 
services at our facilities or in the areas where our people are working remotely, as well as physical infrastructure damage to, 
system failures at, cyberattacks on, or security incidents involving, our facilities or systems, or those of our ecosystem 
partners, suppliers or clients, could also adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and serve our clients. If any of 
these circumstances occurs, we have a greater risk that interruptions in communications with our clients and other Accenture 
locations and people, and any down-time in important processes we operate for clients, could result in a material adverse 
effect on our results of operations and our reputation in the marketplace.

Our business model is dependent on our global delivery capability. While our delivery centers are located throughout the 
world, we have based large portions of our delivery capability in India and the Philippines, where we have the largest and 
second largest number of our people located, respectively. In addition, certain of our clients and markets are primarily 
supported by individual delivery centers. Concentrating our delivery capability in these locations presents a number of 
operational risks, including those discussed in this risk factor, many of which are beyond our control and which have been 
and may in the future be exacerbated by increasing geopolitical tensions. While these events have not materially impacted 
our ability to deliver services to our clients, international conflicts are unpredictable and we might not be as successful in 
mitigating these operational risks in the future. 

We are unable to protect our people, facilities and systems, and those of our ecosystem partners, suppliers and clients, 
against all such events. Our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not be effective, particularly if catastrophic 

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

27

events occur where large numbers of our people are located, or simultaneously affect our people in multiple locations around 
the world. We generally do not have insurance for losses and interruptions caused by terrorist attacks, conflicts and wars. If 
these disruptions prevent us from effectively serving our clients, our results of operations could be significantly adversely 
affected.

If we are unable to manage the organizational challenges associated with our size, we might be 
unable to achieve our business objectives.

As of August 31, 2024, we had approximately 774,000 employees worldwide. Our size and scale present significant 
management and organizational challenges. As our organization grows and evolves, it might become increasingly difficult to 
maintain effective standards across a large enterprise and effectively institutionalize our knowledge or to effectively change 
the strategy, operations or culture of our Company in a timely manner. It might also become more difficult to maintain our 
culture, effectively manage and monitor our people and operations, effectively communicate our core values, policies and 
procedures, strategies and goals, and motivate, engage and retain our people, particularly given our world-wide operations, 
rate of new hires, and the significant percentage of our employees who have the option to work remotely. The size and scope 
of our operations increase the possibility that we will have employees who engage in unlawful or fraudulent activity, or 
otherwise expose us to unacceptable business risks, despite our efforts to train them and maintain internal controls to 
prevent such instances. For example, employee misconduct could involve the improper use of sensitive or confidential 
information entrusted to us, or obtained inappropriately, or the failure to comply with legislation or regulations regarding the 
protection of sensitive or confidential information, including personal data and proprietary information. Furthermore, the 
inappropriate use of social networking sites and unapproved technologies, such as public-facing, free generative AI tools, by 
our employees could result in breaches of confidentiality, unauthorized disclosure of non-public company information or 
damage to our reputation. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our 
enterprise and instill our culture and core values into all of our employees, our ability to compete successfully and achieve 
our business objectives could be impaired. In addition, from time to time, we have made, and may continue to make, 
changes to our operating model, including how we are organized, as the needs and size of our business change, and if we 
do not successfully implement the changes, our business and results of operation may be negatively impacted.

We might not be successful at acquiring, investing in or integrating businesses, entering into 
joint ventures or divesting businesses.

We expect to continue pursuing strategic acquisitions, investments and joint ventures to enhance or add to our skills and 
capabilities or offerings of services and solutions, or to enable us to expand in certain geographic and other markets. We 
have increased and may again in the future increase the amount of capital invested in such opportunities. These acquisitions 
and other transactions and investments involve challenges and risks, such as that we may not succeed in completing 
targeted transactions, including as a result of the market becoming increasingly competitive, or achieve desired results of 
operations. To the extent that we increase the capital invested in such opportunities, as we did in fiscal 2024, the risks 
associated with such investments, further described below, also increase. 

Furthermore, we face risks in successfully integrating any businesses we might acquire, and these risks may be magnified by 
the size and number of transactions we have executed. Ongoing business may be disrupted, and our management’s 
attention may be diverted by acquisition, investment, transition or integration activities. In addition, we might need to dedicate 
additional management and other resources, and our organizational structure could make it difficult for us to efficiently 
integrate acquired businesses into our ongoing operations and assimilate and retain employees of those businesses into our 
culture and operations. The loss of key executives, employees, customers, suppliers, vendors and other business partners of 
businesses we acquire may adversely impact the value of the assets, operations or businesses. Furthermore, acquisitions or 
joint ventures may result in significant costs and expenses, including those related to retention payments, equity 
compensation, severance pay, early retirement costs, intangible asset amortization and asset impairment charges, 
enhancing controls, procedures and policies including those related to financial reporting, disclosure, and cyber and 
information security, assumed litigation and other liabilities, and legal, accounting and financial advisory fees, which could 
negatively affect our profitability as these costs and expenses grow along with the increased capital invested in such 
acquisitions and joint ventures. We may have difficulties as a result of entering into new markets where we have limited or no 
direct prior experience or where competitors may have stronger market positions.

In some cases, we have failed to, and may in the future fail to fully realize the expected benefits or strategic objectives of any 
acquisition, investment or joint venture we undertake. We might not achieve our expected return on investment or may lose 
money. We may be adversely impacted by liabilities that we assume from a company we acquire or in which we invest, 
including from that company’s known and unknown obligations, intellectual property or other assets, terminated employees, 
current or former clients or other third parties. In addition, we may fail to identify or adequately assess the magnitude of 
certain liabilities, shortcomings or other circumstances prior to acquiring, investing in or partnering with a company, including 
potential exposure to regulatory sanctions or liabilities resulting from an acquisition target’s previous activities, or from an 
acquisition’s controls related to financial reporting, disclosure, and cyber and information security environment. The number 
of transactions we execute annually may increase this risk. If any of these circumstances occurs, they could result in 
unexpected regulatory or legal exposure, including litigation with new or existing clients, unfavorable accounting treatment, 

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

28

unexpected increases in taxes or other adverse effects on our relationships with clients and our business. In addition, we 
have a lesser degree of control over the business operations of the joint ventures and businesses in which we have made 
minority investments or in which we have acquired less than 100% of the equity. This lesser degree of control may expose us 
to additional reputational, financial, legal, compliance or operational risks. Litigation, indemnification claims and other 
unforeseen claims and liabilities may arise from the acquisition or operation of acquired businesses. For example, we may 
face litigation or other claims as a result of certain terms and conditions of the acquisition agreement, such as earnout 
payments or closing working capital adjustments. Alternatively, shareholder litigation may arise as a result of proposed 
acquisitions. If we are unable to complete the number and kind of investments for which we plan, or if we are inefficient or 
unsuccessful at integrating acquired businesses into our operations, we may not be able to achieve our planned rates of 
growth or improve our market share, profitability or competitive position in specific markets or services.

We also periodically evaluate, and have engaged in, the disposition of assets and businesses. Divestitures could involve 
difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products and people, the diversion of management’s attention, the 
disruption of our business and the potential loss of key employees. After reaching an agreement with a buyer for the 
disposition of a business, the transaction may be subject to the satisfaction of pre-closing conditions, including obtaining 
necessary regulatory and government approvals, which, if not satisfied or obtained, may prevent us from completing the 
transaction. Divestitures may also involve continued financial involvement in or liability with respect to the divested assets 
and businesses, such as indemnities or other financial obligations, in which the performance of the divested assets or 
businesses could impact our results of operations. Any divestiture we undertake could adversely affect our results of 
operations.

Legal and Regulatory Risks

Our business could be materially adversely affected if we incur legal liability.

We are subject to, and may become a party to, a variety of litigation or other claims and suits that arise from time to time in 
the ordinary course of our business. Our business is subject to the risk of litigation involving current and former employees, 
clients, ecosystem partners, subcontractors, suppliers, competitors, shareholders, government agencies or others through 
private actions, class actions, whistleblower claims, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. 
Regardless of the merits of the claims, the cost to defend current and future litigation may be significant, and such matters 
can be time-consuming and divert management’s attention and resources. The results of litigation and other legal 
proceedings are inherently uncertain, and adverse judgments or settlements in some or all of these legal disputes may result 
in materially adverse monetary damages, fines, penalties, debarment or injunctive relief against us. Any claims or litigation, 
even if fully indemnified or insured, could damage our reputation and make it more difficult to compete effectively or to obtain 
adequate insurance in the future. 

We could be subject to significant legal liability and litigation expense if we fail to meet our contractual obligations, contribute 
to internal control or other deficiencies of a client or otherwise breach obligations to third parties, including clients, ecosystem 
partners, employees and former employees, and other parties with whom we conduct business, or if our subcontractors 
breach or dispute the terms of our agreements with them and impede our ability to meet our obligations to our clients, or if 
our services or solutions cause bodily injuries to our people, clients, or the public or property damage. For example, by taking 
over the operation of certain portions of our clients’ businesses, including functions and systems that are critical to the core 
businesses of our clients, by contributing to the design, development, manufacturing and/or engineering of client products, or 
by providing various operational technology, digital manufacturing and robotics or other industrial automation equipment 
solutions, and advisory, management and engineering services for infrastructure projects, we may be exposed to additional 
and evolving operational, regulatory, reputational or other risks specific to these areas, including risks related to data security, 
product liability, health and safety, hazardous materials and other environmental risks. A failure of a client’s system, product 
or infrastructure based on our services or solutions could also subject us to a claim for significant damages that could 
materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

In order to remain competitive, we increasingly enter into agreements based on our clients’ contract terms after conducting 
an assessment of the risk of doing so, which may expose us to additional risk. In addition, the contracting practices of 
competitors, along with the demands of increasingly sophisticated clients, may cause contract terms and conditions that are 
unfavorable to us to become new standards in the industry. We may commit to providing services or solutions that we are 
unable to deliver or whose delivery may reduce our profitability or cause us financial loss. If we cannot or do not meet our 
contractual obligations and if our potential liability is not adequately limited through the terms of our agreements, liability 
limitations are not enforced or a third party alleges fraud or other wrongdoing to prevent us from relying upon those 
contractual protections, we might face significant legal liability and litigation expense and our results of operations could be 
materially adversely affected. Moreover, as we expand our services and solutions into new areas, we may be exposed to 
additional and evolving risks specific to these new areas.

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

29

In addition, we engage in platform trust and safety services on behalf of clients, including content moderation, which could 
have a negative impact on our employees due to the nature of the materials they review. We have been subject to media 
coverage regarding our provision of these services as well as litigation related to the provision of these services, which may 
result in adverse judgments or settlements or government inquiries and investigations. 

While we maintain insurance for certain potential liabilities, such insurance does not cover all types and amounts of potential 
liabilities and is subject to various exclusions as well as caps on amounts recoverable. Even if we believe a claim is covered 
by insurance, insurers may dispute our entitlement to recovery for a variety of potential reasons, which may affect the timing 
and, if they prevail, the amount of our recovery. 

Our global operations expose us to numerous and sometimes conflicting legal and regulatory 
requirements, and violation of these regulations could harm our business.

We are subject to numerous, changing, and sometimes conflicting, legal regimes on matters as diverse as anticorruption, 
import/export controls, content requirements, trade restrictions, tariffs, taxation, sanctions, immigration, internal and 
disclosure control obligations, securities regulation, including ESG regulation and reporting requirements, anti-competition, 
anti-money-laundering, data privacy and protection, government compliance, wage-and-hour standards, employment and 
labor relations, product liability, health and safety, environmental, human rights and AI regulations, such as the European 
Union’s AI Act. The sanctions environment has resulted in new sanctions and trade restrictions, which may impair trade with 
sanctioned individuals and countries, and negative impacts to regional trade ecosystems among our clients, ecosystem 
partners, and us. For example, as a result of the sanctions imposed in response to the invasion of Ukraine by Russia, we are 
restricted from offering certain of our services to clients in some locations. The global nature of our operations and supply 
chains, including emerging markets where legal systems may be less developed or understood by us, and the diverse nature 
of our operations across a number of regulated industries, further increase the difficulty of compliance. Compliance with 
diverse legal requirements is costly, time-consuming and requires significant resources. Violations of one or more of these 
regulations in the conduct of our business could result in significant fines, enforcement actions or criminal sanctions against 
us and/or our employees, prohibitions on doing business and damage to our reputation. Violations of these regulations in 
connection with the performance of our obligations to our clients also could result in liability for significant monetary 
damages, fines, enforcement actions and/or criminal prosecution or sanctions, unfavorable publicity and other reputational 
damage and restrictions on our ability to effectively carry out our contractual obligations and thereby expose us to potential 
claims from our clients. Due to the varying degrees of development of the legal systems of the countries in which we operate, 
local laws may not be well developed or provide sufficiently clear guidance and may be insufficient to protect our rights. 

In particular, in many parts of the world, including countries in which we operate and/or seek to expand, practices in the local 
business community might not conform to international business standards and could violate anticorruption laws, or 
regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010. Our employees, subcontractors, 
vendors, agents, alliance or joint venture partners, the companies we acquire and their employees, subcontractors, vendors 
and agents, and other third parties with which we associate, could take actions that violate policies or procedures designed 
to promote legal and regulatory compliance or applicable anticorruption laws or regulations. Violations of these laws or 
regulations by us, our employees or any of these third parties could subject us to criminal or civil enforcement actions 
(whether or not we participated or knew about the actions leading to the violations), including fines or penalties, 
disgorgement of profits and suspension or disqualification from work, including U.S. federal contracting, any of which could 
materially adversely affect our business, including our results of operations and our reputation. 

Changes in laws and regulations could also mandate significant and costly changes to the way we implement our services 
and solutions or could impose additional taxes on our services and solutions. For example, changes in laws and regulations 
to limit using off-shore resources in connection with our work or to penalize companies that use off-shore resources, which 
have been proposed from time to time in various jurisdictions, could adversely affect our results of operations. Such changes 
may result in contracts being terminated or work being transferred onshore, resulting in greater costs to us, and could have a 
negative impact on our ability to obtain future work from government clients. 

Increasing focus on ESG matters has resulted in, and is expected to continue to result in, the adoption of legal and 
regulatory requirements designed to mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment, as well as legal and 
regulatory requirements requiring climate, human rights and supply chain-related disclosures. If new laws or regulations are 
more stringent than current legal or regulatory requirements, we may experience increased compliance burdens and costs to 
meet such obligations. In addition, our selection of voluntary disclosure frameworks and standards, and the interpretation or 
application of those frameworks and standards, may change from time to time or may not meet the expectations of investors 
or other stakeholders. Our ability to achieve our ESG commitments (such as our 2040 net-zero greenhouse gas emissions 
target and our 2025 gender parity goal) is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of 
such risks include: (1) the availability and cost of low- or non-carbon-based energy sources and technologies and the ability 
of our suppliers to harness new technologies to reduce emissions; (2) evolving regulatory requirements affecting ESG 
standards or disclosures; (3) the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability, diversity and other standards; and 
(4) our ability to recruit, develop, and retain sufficient diverse talent. In addition, standards for tracking and reporting on ESG 

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

30

matters, including climate change and human rights related matters, have not been harmonized and continue to evolve. 
Methodologies for reporting ESG data may be updated and previously reported ESG data may be adjusted to reflect 
improvement in availability and quality of third-party data, changing assumptions, changes in the nature and scope of our 
operations and other changes in circumstances. Our processes and controls for reporting ESG matters across our 
operations are evolving along with multiple disparate standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics, 
including ESG-related disclosures that may be required by the SEC, European and other regulators, and such standards 
may change over time, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such 
goals, or ability to achieve such goals in the future.

Our work with government clients exposes us to additional risks inherent in the government 
contracting environment.

Our clients include national, provincial, state and local governmental entities. Our government work carries various risks 
inherent in the government contracting process. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 

•

•

•

•

•

•

Government entities, particularly in the United States, often reserve the right to audit our contract costs and conduct 
inquiries and investigations of our business practices and compliance with government contract requirements. U.S. 
government agencies, including the Defense Contract Audit Agency, routinely audit our contract costs, including 
allocated indirect costs, for compliance with the Cost Accounting Standards and the Federal Acquisition Regulation. 
These agencies also conduct reviews and investigations and make inquiries regarding our accounting, information 
technology and other systems in connection with our performance and business practices with respect to our 
government contracts. Negative findings from existing and future audits, investigations or inquiries, or failure to comply 
with applicable IT security or supply chain requirements, could affect our future sales and profitability by preventing us, 
by operation of law or in practice, from receiving new government contracts for some period of time, or result in other 
adverse consequences described in the following paragraphs. In addition, if the U.S. government concludes that certain 
costs are not reimbursable, have not been properly determined or are based on outdated estimates of our work, then we 
will not be allowed to bill for such costs, may have to refund money that has already been paid to us or could be required 
to retroactively and prospectively adjust previously agreed to billing or pricing rates for our work. Negative findings from 
existing and future audits of our business systems, including our accounting system, may result in the U.S. government 
preventing us from billing, at least temporarily, a percentage of our costs. As a result of prior negative findings in 
connection with audits, investigations and inquiries, we have from time to time experienced some of the adverse 
consequences described above and may in the future experience further adverse consequences, which could materially 
adversely affect our future results of operations. 

If a government client discovers improper or illegal activities in the course of audits or investigations, or alleges that such 
conduct occurred, we may become subject to various civil and criminal penalties, including those under the civil U.S. 
False Claims Act, and administrative sanctions, which may include termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, 
suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from doing business with other agencies of that 
government. The inherent limitations of internal controls may not prevent or detect all improper or illegal activities. 

U.S. government contracting regulations impose strict compliance and heightened disclosure obligations. From time to 
time we have made required or voluntary disclosures to the government in connection with our government contracting 
work. Disclosure is required if certain company personnel have knowledge of “credible evidence” of a violation of federal 
criminal laws involving fraud, conflict of interest, bribery or improper gratuity, a violation of the civil U.S. False Claims Act 
or receipt of a significant overpayment from the government. Failure to make required disclosures could be a basis for 
suspension and/or debarment from federal government contracting in addition to breach of the specific contract and 
could also impact contracting beyond the U.S. federal level. Reported matters may also lead to audits or investigations 
and other civil, criminal or administrative sanctions, including those described above. For example, after Accenture 
Federal Services (“AFS”) made a voluntary disclosure to the U.S. government, the U.S. Department of Justice (“DOJ”) 
initiated a civil and criminal investigation concerning whether one or more employees provided inaccurate submissions 
to an assessor who was evaluating on behalf of the U.S. government an AFS service offering and whether the service 
offering fully implemented required federal security controls. This matter could subject to us to adverse consequences, 
including those described in this risk factor. 

Government contracts are subject to heightened reputational and contractual risks compared to contracts with 
commercial clients. For example, government contracts and the proceedings surrounding them are often subject to more 
extensive scrutiny and publicity. Negative publicity, including an allegation of improper or illegal activity, regardless of its 
accuracy, may adversely affect our reputation. 

Terms and conditions of government contracts also tend to be more onerous and are often more difficult to negotiate. 
For example, these contracts often contain high or unlimited liability for breaches and feature less favorable payment 
terms and sometimes require us to take on liability for the performance of third parties. 

Government entities typically fund projects through appropriated monies. While these projects are often planned and 
executed as multi-year projects, government entities usually reserve the right to change the scope of or terminate these 

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

31

projects for lack of approved funding and/or at their convenience. Elections, changes in government or political 
developments, including government closures or shutdowns, budget deficits, shortfalls or uncertainties, government 
spending reductions or other debt constraints could result in our projects being reduced in price or scope or terminated 
altogether, which also could limit our recovery of incurred costs, reimbursable expenses and profits on work completed 
prior to the termination. Furthermore, if insufficient funding is appropriated to the government entity to cover termination 
costs, we may not be able to fully recover our investments. 

•

•

Political and economic factors such as pending elections, the outcome of recent elections, changes in leadership among 
key executive or legislative decision makers, revisions to governmental tax or other policies and reduced tax revenues 
can affect the number and terms of new government contracts signed or the speed at which new contracts are signed, 
decrease future levels of spending and authorizations for programs that we bid, shift spending priorities to programs in 
areas for which we do not provide services and/or lead to changes in enforcement or how compliance with relevant rules 
or laws is assessed. 

Our ability to work for the U.S. government is impacted by the fact that we are an Irish company. We elected to enter into 
a proxy agreement with the U.S. Department of Defense that enhances the ability of our U.S. federal government 
contracting subsidiary to perform certain work for the U.S. government. The proxy agreement regulates the management 
and operation of, and limits the control we can exercise over, this subsidiary. In addition, legislative and executive 
proposals remain under consideration or could be proposed in the future, which, if enacted, could place additional 
limitations on or even prohibit our eligibility to be awarded state or federal government contracts in the United States or 
could include requirements that would otherwise affect our results of operations. Various U.S. federal and state 
legislative proposals have been introduced and/or enacted in recent years that deny government contracts to certain 
U.S. companies that reincorporate or have reincorporated outside the United States. While Accenture was not a U.S. 
company that reincorporated outside the United States, it is possible that these contract bans and other legislative 
proposals could be applied in a way that negatively affects Accenture. 

The occurrences or conditions described above could affect not only our business with the particular government entities 
involved, but also our business with other entities of the same or other governmental bodies or with certain commercial 
clients, and could have a material adverse effect on our business or our results of operations.

If we are unable to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, or if our services or 
solutions infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others or we lose our ability to utilize 
the intellectual property of others, our business could be adversely affected. 

Our success depends, in part, upon our ability to obtain intellectual property protection for our proprietary platforms, 
methodologies, processes, software, hardware and other solutions. Existing laws of the various countries in which we 
provide services or solutions may offer only limited intellectual property protection of our services or solutions, and the 
protection in some countries may be very limited. We rely upon a combination of confidentiality policies and procedures, 
nondisclosure and other contractual arrangements, and patent, trade secret, copyright and trademark laws to protect our 
intellectual property rights. These laws are subject to change at any time and could further limit our ability to obtain or 
maintain intellectual property protection. For example, the intellectual property legal landscape relating to AI (including 
generative AI) is expected to continue to evolve in many countries in which we operate. As a result, there is uncertainty 
concerning the scope of patent and other intellectual property protection for AI models, software and business methods, 
which are fields in which we rely on intellectual property laws to protect our rights. Even where we obtain intellectual property 
protection, our intellectual property rights may not prevent or deter competitors, former employees, or other third parties from 
reverse engineering our solutions or proprietary methodologies and processes or independently developing services or 
solutions similar to or duplicative of ours. Further, the steps we take in this regard might not be adequate to prevent or deter 
infringement or other misappropriation of our intellectual property by competitors, former employees or other third parties, 
and we might not be able to detect unauthorized use of, or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce, our intellectual 
property rights. Enforcing our rights might also require considerable time, money and oversight, and we may not be 
successful in enforcing our rights. 

In addition, we cannot be sure that our services and solutions, including, for example, our AI, software and hardware 
solutions, or the solutions of others that we offer to our clients, do not infringe on the intellectual property rights of third 
parties (including competitors as well as non-practicing holders of intellectual property assets), and these third parties could 
claim that we or our clients are infringing upon their intellectual property rights. Furthermore, although we have established 
policies and procedures to respect the intellectual property rights of third parties and that prohibit the unauthorized use of 
intellectual property, we may not be aware if our employees have misappropriated and/or misused intellectual property, and 
their actions could result in claims of intellectual property misappropriation and/or infringement from third parties. These 
claims could harm our reputation, cause us to incur substantial costs or prevent us from offering some services or solutions 
in the future. Any related proceedings could require us to expend significant resources over an extended period of time. In 
most of our contracts, we agree to indemnify our clients for expenses and liabilities resulting from claimed infringements of 
the intellectual property rights of third parties. In some instances, the amount of these indemnities could be greater than the 
revenues we receive from the client. Any claims or litigation in this area could be time-consuming and costly, damage our 

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

32

reputation and/or require us to incur additional costs to obtain the right to continue to offer a service or solution to our clients. 
If we cannot secure this right at all or on reasonable terms, or we are unable to implement in a cost-effective manner 
alternative technology, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. The risk of infringement claims 
against us may increase as we expand our industry AI, software and hardware solutions and continue to develop and deploy 
our AI, software and hardware solutions to multiple clients. Any infringement action brought against us or our clients could be 
costly to defend or lead to an expensive settlement or judgment against us. 

Further, we rely on third-party software, hardware, data and other intellectual property in providing some of our services and 
solutions. If we lose our ability to continue using any such software, hardware, data or intellectual property for any reason, 
including because it is found to infringe the rights of others, we will need to obtain substitutes or seek alternative means of 
obtaining the technology necessary to continue to provide such services and solutions. Our inability to replace such software, 
hardware, data or intellectual property effectively or in a timely and cost-effective manner could materially adversely affect 
our results of operations.

We are incorporated in Ireland and Irish law differs from the laws in effect in the United States 
and might afford less protection to our shareholders. We may also be subject to criticism and 
negative publicity related to our incorporation in Ireland.

Irish law differs from the laws in effect in the United States and our shareholders could have more difficulty protecting their 
interests than would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction of the United States. The United States 
currently does not have a treaty with Ireland providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil 
and commercial matters. As such, there is some uncertainty as to whether the courts of Ireland would recognize or enforce 
judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or our directors or officers based on U.S. federal or state civil liability laws, 
including the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal or state securities laws, or hear actions against us or those persons 
based on those laws.

As an Irish company, we are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act differs in some significant, and possibly 
material, respects from laws applicable to U.S. corporations and shareholders under various state corporation laws, including 
the provisions relating to interested directors, mergers and acquisitions, takeovers, shareholder lawsuits and indemnification 
of directors. 

Under Irish law, the duties of directors and officers of a company are generally owed to the company only. Shareholders of 
Irish companies do not generally have rights to take action against directors or officers of the company under Irish law, and 
may only do so in limited circumstances. Directors of an Irish company must, in exercising their powers and performing their 
duties, act with due care and skill, honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of the company. Directors have 
a duty not to put themselves in a position in which their duties to the company and their personal interests might conflict and 
also are under a duty to disclose any personal interest in any contract or arrangement with the company or any of its 
subsidiaries. If a director or officer of an Irish company is found to have breached his or her duties to that company, he or she 
could be held personally liable to the company in respect of that breach of duty. 

Under Irish law, we must have authority from our shareholders to issue any shares, including shares that are part of the 
company’s authorized but unissued share capital. In addition, unless otherwise authorized by its shareholders, when an Irish 
company issues shares for cash to new shareholders, it is required first to offer those shares on the same or more favorable 
terms to existing shareholders on a pro-rata basis. If we are unable to obtain these authorizations from our shareholders, or 
are otherwise limited by the terms of our authorizations, our ability to issue shares under our equity compensation plans and, 
if applicable, to facilitate funding acquisitions or otherwise raise capital could be adversely affected. 

Some companies that conduct substantial business in the United States but that have a parent domiciled in certain other 
jurisdictions have been criticized as improperly avoiding U.S. taxes or creating an unfair competitive advantage over U.S. 
companies. Accenture never conducted business under a U.S. parent company and pays U.S. taxes on all of its U.S. 
operations. Nonetheless, we could be subject to criticism in connection with our incorporation in Ireland.

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1C. Cybersecurity

33

Item 1C. Cybersecurity

Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy

Safeguarding data and systems is one of our most important responsibilities in building and maintaining trust, not only with 
our people but also with our clients and other stakeholders. Our cybersecurity risk management program is integrated into 
our overall enterprise risk management system and is supported by controls, policies and processes implemented across the 
enterprise and is designed to protect our network/technical infrastructure and the data of Accenture, our clients and our 
people. Our internal cybersecurity team collaborates closely with our information technology team and Accenture Security, a 
leading provider of end-to-end cybersecurity services, including strategy, protection, resilience and industry-specific cyber 
services, to continually innovate security solutions intended to address the evolving threat landscape. 

Our security framework leverages a hybrid set of internationally recognized standards, including but not limited to, ISO 
27001/27701, NIST Cyber Security Framework, CSA Security Trust and Assurance Registry, and CIS Critical Security 
Controls. We regularly measure our security posture and resilience through risk assessments, penetration testing and 
external validation conducted by third-party assessors and auditors. Threat intelligence sources, including those provided by 
Accenture Security, are also used to inform our security strategy, understand the threat landscape, and enable security risk 
and procedures to be integrated into the business. Our key strategic security programs include secure integration of 
acquisitions and supplier cyber risk management. We utilize systems and processes designed to oversee, identify, and 
reduce the potential impact of cybersecurity incidents at third-party vendors, service providers or clients.

Our infrastructure vulnerability scanning and configuration compliance approach includes real-time threat detection and 
monitoring of threats via our security information and event management and endpoint detection and response tools to 
respond to security incidents at speed. We monitor for secure configuration of servers, network devices, containers and other 
cloud services, evaluate risks in new programs, and regularly review and strengthen our security controls.

Protecting client data is a top business priority supported by our global client data protection (CDP) program. A CDP plan is 
developed for our clients and is designed to provide end-to-end security risk management covering physical, application, 
infrastructure, and data security. The CDP program also arms our project teams with tools and controls that enable them to 
identify and mitigate security risks over the lifecycle of a client project. Accenture leadership reviews and monitors CDP 
monthly metrics, which are intended to provide oversight and accountability. 

All Accenture people complete annual core information security and data privacy training, delivered in multiple courses 
throughout the year, to stay up-to-date on security practices and threats. In addition, our people in internal- and client-data-
sensitive roles complete specialized, targeted security training to increase knowledge about role-specific threats, concepts 
and practices. These interactive learning programs are focused on strengthening foundational knowledge and responding to 
emerging threats. Agile and flexible, our training program has garnered industry recognition for its innovative approach and 
effectiveness.

In the event of a cybersecurity incident, we have robust playbooks to guide our incident procedures. These procedures 
provide a standardized framework for responding to cybersecurity incidents and include taking action to limit and contain the 
spread of the incident within our environment, analyzing whether and the extent to which any data may have been 
compromised and conducting forensic analysis to determine severity. We also have internal and external reporting and 
communication plans that address reporting findings and keeping senior management and other key stakeholders informed 
and involved as appropriate. Once an incident is resolved, a comprehensive post-incident review process is conducted.

We describe the risks from cybersecurity threats, including previous cybersecurity incidents, in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors – 
“We face legal, reputational and financial risks from any failure to protect client and/or Accenture data from security incidents 
or cyberattacks”. To date these risks and incidents have not had a material impact on us, including our business strategy, 
results of operations, and financial condition; however, there is no assurance that such impacts will not be material in the 
future. Cybersecurity threats are constantly expanding and evolving, becoming increasingly sophisticated and complex, 
increasing the difficulty of detecting and defending against them and maintaining effective security measures and protocols.  

Cybersecurity Governance

Our enterprise risk management program is an annual and ongoing process designed to identify, assess and manage 
Accenture’s risk exposures over the short-, intermediate- and long-term. Our enterprise risk management program and 
disclosure controls and procedures are designed to appropriately escalate key risks to the Board of Directors, as well as to 
analyze potential risks for disclosure. As part of our Board of Directors’ role in overseeing the Company’s enterprise risk 

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1C. Cybersecurity

34

management program, the Board devotes time and attention to cybersecurity and data privacy-related risks, with the Audit 
Committee of the Board of Directors responsible for overseeing information technology risk exposures, including 
cybersecurity, data privacy and data security. 

The Audit Committee receives reports on cybersecurity and data privacy matters and related risk exposures from 
management, including our chief information security officer (“CISO”), at least twice a year and more frequently as 
applicable. In addition, the Audit Committee’s quarterly enterprise risk management updates include developments regarding 
IT security and data protection. Recent topics included evolving generative AI threats, social engineering resistance and 
deepfake readiness. The Audit Committee regularly updates the Board on such matters and the Board also periodically 
receives reports from management directly. We have protocols by which cybersecurity incidents that meet established 
reporting thresholds are escalated within the company and, where appropriate, reported promptly to the Board. 

Our CISO leads all aspects of Accenture’s global cybersecurity program, including security operations, client data protection, 
cyber risk reduction strategies, incident response, cybersecurity integration of acquisitions and our industry-leading 
behavioral change program. Our CISO joined Accenture in 1995. Prior to being appointed CISO in 2020, he helped create 
Accenture’s information security capability and led the implementation of information security technology. Previously, he 
managed large technology transformations for Accenture and for clients in the United States, Japan and Australia. Our CISO 
reports to our Chief Operating Officer and is supported by a team of over 800 people with expertise in technical architecture 
and security operations; governance, risk and compliance; client data protection; behavioral change; and cyber incident 
response, many of whom hold cybersecurity certifications and possess deep technical knowledge and experience.

Our information security team maintains an extensive governance network, including formal relationships with other 
organizations within Accenture through our Situation and Action Committee, which includes representatives from our Markets 
and Services and the legal, information technology, corporate services and sustainability, data privacy and business 
resilience services teams. In addition, our cyber incident response efforts are overseen by a cross-functional leadership team 
including our CISO, our General Counsel and our Chief Marketing Officer.

Item 2. Properties

We have major offices in the world’s leading business centers, including Boston, Chicago, New York, San Francisco, Dublin, 
Frankfurt, London, Madrid, Milan, Paris, Rome, Bangalore, Beijing, Manila, Mumbai, São Paolo, Shanghai, Singapore, 
Sydney and Tokyo, among others. In total, we have facilities and operations in more than 200 cities in 52 countries around 
the world. We do not own any material real property. Substantially all of our facilities are leased under long-term leases with 
varying expiration dates. We believe that our facilities are adequate to meet our needs in the near future.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings

The information set forth under “Legal Contingencies” in Note 15 (Commitments and Contingencies) to our Consolidated 
Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” is incorporated herein by 
reference. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Part II

Part II

35

Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, 
Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer 
Purchases of Equity Securities

Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “ACN.” The New York 
Stock Exchange is the principal United States market for these shares. As of September 30, 2024, there were 367 holders of 
record of Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares.

There is no trading market for Accenture plc Class X ordinary shares. As of September 30, 2024, there were 14 holders of 
record of Accenture plc Class X ordinary shares.

Dividends

For information about our dividend activity during fiscal 2024, see Note 14 (Shareholders’ Equity) to our Consolidated 
Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

On September 25, 2024, the Board of Directors of Accenture plc declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.48 per share on 
our Class A ordinary shares for shareholders of record at the close of business on October 10, 2024, payable on 
November 15, 2024. For the remainder of fiscal 2025, we expect to declare additional quarterly dividends in December 2024 
and March and June 2025, to be paid in February, May and August 2025, respectively, subject to the approval of the Board of 
Directors. 

In certain circumstances, as an Irish tax resident company, we may be required to deduct Irish dividend withholding tax 
(“DWT”) (currently at the rate of 25%) from dividends paid to our shareholders. Shareholders resident in “relevant 
territories” (including countries that are European Union member states (other than Ireland), the United States and other 
countries with which Ireland has a tax treaty) may be exempted from Irish DWT. However, shareholders residing in other 
countries will generally be subject to Irish DWT.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

None.

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

36

Purchases of Accenture plc Class A Ordinary Shares

The following table provides information relating to our purchases of Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares during the fourth 
quarter of fiscal 2024. For year-to-date information on all of our share purchases, redemptions and exchanges and further 
discussion of our share purchase activity, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Share Purchases and Redemptions.”

Period

Total Number of
Shares
Purchased

Average
Price Paid
per Share (1)

Total Number of
Shares Purchased as
Part of Publicly
Announced Plans or
Programs (2)

Approximate Dollar Value
of Shares that May Yet Be
Purchased Under the Plans or
Programs (3)

(in millions of U.S. dollars)

June 1, 2024 — June 30, 2024

July 1, 2024 — July 31, 2024

August 1, 2024 — August 31, 2024

Total (4)

1,268,456  $ 

395,110 

408,997 

2,072,563  $ 

291.18 

315.91 

327.47 

303.05 

1,247,913  $ 

382,304 

370,091 

2,000,308 

2,937 

2,815 

2,694 

(1) Average price paid per share reflects the total cash outlay for the period, divided by the number of shares acquired, including those acquired by 

purchase or redemption for cash and any acquired by means of employee forfeiture.

(2) Since August 2001, the Board of Directors of Accenture plc has authorized and periodically confirmed a publicly announced open-market share 
purchase program for acquiring Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, we purchased 2,000,308 
Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares under this program for an aggregate price of $605 million. The open-market purchase program does not 
have an expiration date.

(3) As of August 31, 2024, our aggregate available authorization for share purchases and redemptions was $2,694 million, which management has 
the discretion to use for either our publicly announced open-market share purchase program or our other share purchase programs. Since 
August 2001 and as of August 31, 2024, the Board of Directors of Accenture plc has authorized an aggregate of $50.1 billion for share 
purchases and redemptions by Accenture plc and Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. On September 25, 2024, the Board of Directors of Accenture 
plc approved $4,000 million in additional share repurchase authority, bringing Accenture’s total outstanding authority to $6,694 million.

(4) During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, Accenture purchased 72,255 Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares in transactions unrelated to publicly 

announced share plans or programs. These transactions consisted of acquisitions of Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares primarily via share 
withholding for payroll tax obligations due from employees and former employees in connection with the delivery of Accenture plc Class A 
ordinary shares under our various employee equity share plans. These purchases of shares in connection with employee share plans do not 
affect our aggregate available authorization for our publicly announced open-market share purchase and our other share purchase programs.

Item 6. [Reserved]

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

37

Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations

The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial 
Statements and related Notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion 
and analysis also contains forward-looking statements and should also be read in conjunction with the 
disclosures and information contained in “Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and 
“Risk Factors” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We use the terms “Accenture,” “we,” “our” and “us” in this report to refer to Accenture plc and its 
subsidiaries. All references to years, unless otherwise noted, refer to our fiscal year, which ends on 
August 31. For example, a reference to “fiscal 2024” means the 12-month period that ended on 
August 31, 2024. All references to quarters, unless otherwise noted, refer to the quarters of our fiscal 
year. 

We use the term “in local currency” so that certain financial results may be viewed without the impact of 
foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, thereby facilitating period-to-period comparisons of 
business performance. Financial results “in local currency” are calculated by restating current period 
activity into U.S. dollars using the comparable prior-year period’s foreign currency exchange rates. This 
approach is used for all results where the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar.

Overview 

Accenture is a leading global professional services company, providing a broad range of services and solutions across 
Strategy & Consulting, Technology, Operations, Industry X and Song. We serve clients in three geographic markets: North 
America, EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) and Growth Markets (Asia Pacific and Latin America). We combine our 
strength in technology and leadership in cloud, data and AI with unmatched industry experience, functional expertise and 
global delivery capability to help the world’s leading organizations build their digital core, optimize their operations, accelerate 
revenue growth and enhance services—creating tangible value at speed and scale. In the first quarter of fiscal 2025, our 
Latin America market unit will move from Growth Markets to North America. With this change, North America will become the 
Americas market and Growth Markets will become the Asia Pacific market.

Our results of operations are affected by economic conditions, including macroeconomic conditions, the overall inflationary 
environment and levels of business confidence. There continues to be significant economic and geopolitical uncertainty in 
many markets around the world, which has impacted and may continue to impact our business. These conditions have 
slowed the pace and level of client spending, particularly for smaller contracts with a shorter duration and for our consulting 
services. Clients continue to prioritize large-scale transformations, which convert to revenue over a longer period.

Key Metrics 

Key metrics for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 are included below. We have presented operating income, operating 
margin, effective tax rate and diluted earnings per share on a non-GAAP or “adjusted” basis to exclude the impact of 
$438 million and $1,063 million, respectively, in business optimization costs recorded during fiscal 2024 and 2023 and, with 
respect to effective tax rate and diluted earnings per share, the impact of a $253 million investment gain related to our 
investment in Duck Creek Technologies recorded during fiscal 2023 as discussed further in our Results of Operations. For 
additional information regarding business optimization costs, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to our 
Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

•

•

•

•

•

Revenues of $64.9 billion, an increase of 1% in U.S. dollars and 2% in local currency;

New bookings of $81.2 billion, an increase of 13% in U.S. dollars and 14% in local currency;

Operating margin of 14.8%, compared to 13.7% in fiscal 2023; adjusted operating margin was 15.5% compared to 
15.4% in fiscal 2023;

Diluted earnings per share of $11.44, a 6% increase over $10.77 for fiscal 2023; adjusted earnings per share 
increased 2% to $11.95 compared to $11.67 for fiscal 2023; and

Cash returned to shareholders of $7.8 billion, including share purchases of $4.5 billion and dividends of $3.2 billion.

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

38

Revenues

(in billions of U.S. dollars)

Geographic 
Markets

North America (1)

EMEA (2)

Growth Markets (1) (2)

Total Revenues

Industry Groups Communications, Media & Technology $ 

10.8  $ 

Financial Services

Health & Public Service

Products

Resources

Total Revenues

Type of Work

Consulting

Managed Services

Total Revenues

Amounts in table may not total due to rounding.

11.6   

13.8   

19.6   

9.1   

64.9  $ 

33.2  $ 

31.7   

64.9  $ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Fiscal

2024

2023

Percent 
Increase 
(Decrease) 
U.S. 
Dollars

Percent 
Increase 
(Decrease) 
Local 
Currency

$ 

30.7  $ 

22.8   

11.3   

$ 

64.9  $ 

30.3 

22.3 

11.5 

64.1 

11.5 

12.1 

12.6 

19.1 

8.9 

64.1 

33.6 

30.5 

64.1 

 1 %

 2 

 (2) 

 1 %

 (5) %

 (4) 

 10 

 2 

 2 

 1 %

 (1) %

 4 

 1 %

 2 %

 — 

 7 

 2 %

 (4) %

 (3) 

 10 

 2 

 4 

 2 %

 (1) %

 5 

 2 %

Percent of Total
Revenues 
for Fiscal

2024

 47 %

 35 

 17 

2023

 47 %

 35 

 18 

 100 %

 100 %

 17 %

 18 %

 18 

 21 

 30 

 14 

 19 

 20 

 30 

 14 

 100 %

 100 %

 51 %

 49 

 52 %

 48 

 100 %

 100 %

(1)

(2)

In the first quarter of fiscal 2025, our Latin America market unit will move from Growth Markets to North America. With this change, North 
America will become the Americas market and Growth Markets will become the Asia Pacific market.

During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we revised the reporting of our geographic markets for the movement of our Middle East and Africa 
market units from Growth Markets to Europe, and the Europe market became our EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) geographic 
market. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current period presentation.

Revenues for fiscal 2024 increased 1% in U.S. dollars and 2% in local currency compared to fiscal 2023. During fiscal 2024, 
revenue growth in local currency was strong in Growth Markets and modest in North America, while EMEA was flat. We 
experienced local currency revenue growth that was very strong in Health & Public Service, solid in Resources and modest 
in Products, partially offset by a decline in Communications, Media & Technology and a modest decline in Financial Services. 
Revenue growth in local currency was solid in managed services, partially offset by a slight decline in consulting during fiscal 
2024. The business environment is competitive, and we continue to experience lower pricing across the business. We define 
pricing as contract profitability or margin on the work that we sell.

In our consulting business, revenues for fiscal 2024 decreased 1% in both U.S. dollars and local currency compared to fiscal 
2023. The decline in consulting revenue in local currency in fiscal 2024 was driven by a decline in EMEA, partially offset by 
modest growth in Growth Markets and slight growth in North America. Our consulting revenue continues to be driven by 
helping our clients accelerate their reinvention, in particular technology, data, and AI led digital transformations. This includes 
moving to the cloud, embedding security and responsible AI across the enterprise and leveraging our change capabilities to 
help our clients build new skills and drive the successful adoption of new processes and technologies. In addition, clients 
continue to be focused on initiatives designed to deliver cost savings and supply chain and operational resilience, as well as 
projects to accelerate growth and improve customer experiences. While we continue to experience demand for these 
services, we are seeing a slower pace and level of client spending, especially for smaller contracts with a shorter duration.

In our managed services business, revenues for fiscal 2024 increased 4% in U.S. dollars and 5% in local currency compared 
to fiscal 2023. Managed services revenue growth in local currency in fiscal 2024 was driven by very strong growth in Growth 
Markets, solid growth in EMEA and modest growth in North America. We continue to experience growing demand to assist 
clients with application modernization and maintenance, cloud enablement and cybersecurity-as-a-service. In addition, 
clients continue to be focused on transforming their operations through technology, data and AI, and leveraging our digital 
platforms and talent to drive productivity and operational cost savings.

As we are a global company, our revenues are denominated in multiple currencies and may be significantly affected by 
currency exchange rate fluctuations. While a significant portion of our revenues are in U.S. dollars, the majority of our 
revenues are denominated in other currencies, including the Euro, Japanese yen and U.K. pound. There continues to be 
volatility in foreign currency exchange rates. Unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have had and could 
in the future have a material effect on our financial results. If the U.S. dollar weakens against other currencies, resulting in 
favorable currency translation, our revenues, revenue growth and results of operations in U.S. dollars may be higher. If the 
U.S. dollar strengthens against other currencies, resulting in unfavorable currency translation, our revenues, revenue growth 
and results of operations in U.S. dollars may be lower. The U.S. dollar strengthened against various currencies during fiscal 
2024, resulting in unfavorable currency translation and U.S. dollar revenue growth that was approximately 1% lower than our 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

39

revenue growth in local currency for the year. Assuming that exchange rates stay within recent ranges, we estimate that our 
fiscal 2025 revenue growth in U.S. dollars will be approximately 1.5% higher than our revenue growth in local currency.

People Metrics

Utilization

Workforce

92%

up from 91% in fiscal 2023

774,000+

compared to approximately 
733,000 as of August 31, 2023

Annualized Voluntary 
Attrition
13%

consistent with fiscal 2023

Utilization for fiscal 2024 was 92%, up from 91% in fiscal 2023. We hire to meet current and projected future demand. We 
proactively plan and manage the size and composition of our workforce and take actions as needed to address changes in 
the anticipated demand for our services and solutions, given that compensation costs are the most significant portion of our 
operating expenses. Our workforce, the majority of which serves our clients, increased to approximately 774,000 as of 
August 31, 2024, compared to approximately 733,000 as of August 31, 2023. The year-over-year increase in our workforce 
reflects people added in connection with acquisitions and hiring for specific skills.

For fiscal 2024, attrition, excluding involuntary terminations, was 13%, consistent with fiscal 2023. For the fourth quarter of 
fiscal 2024, annualized attrition, excluding involuntary terminations, was 14%, consistent with the third quarter of fiscal 2024. 
We evaluate voluntary attrition, adjust levels of new hiring and use involuntary terminations as a means to keep our supply of 
skills and resources in balance with changes in client demand.

In addition, we adjust compensation to provide market relevant pay based on the skills of our people and locations where we 
operate. We also consider a variety of factors, including the macroeconomic environment, in making our decisions around 
pay and benefits. We strive to adjust pricing as well as drive cost and delivery efficiencies, such as changing the mix of 
people and utilizing technology, to reduce the impact of compensation increases on our margin and contract profitability.

Our ability to grow our revenues and maintain or increase our margin could be adversely affected if we are unable to: match 
people and skills with the types or amounts of services and solutions clients are demanding; recover or offset increases in 
compensation; deploy our employees globally on a timely basis; manage attrition; and/or effectively assimilate new 
employees.

New Bookings

(in billions of U.S. dollars)

Consulting

Managed Services

Total New Bookings

Fiscal

2024

37.0  $ 

44.2   

81.2  $ 

2023

36.2 

36.0 

72.2 

$ 

$ 

Percent 
Increase 
(Decrease) 
U.S. 
Dollars

Percent
 Increase 
(Decrease) 
Local 
Currency

 2 %

 23 

 13 %

 3 %

 24 

 14 %

We provide information regarding our new bookings, which include new contracts, including those acquired through 
acquisitions, as well as renewals, extensions and changes to existing contracts, because we believe doing so provides 
useful trend information regarding changes in the volume of our new business over time. New bookings can vary significantly 
quarter to quarter depending in part on the timing of the signing of a small number of large managed services contracts. The 
types of services and solutions clients are demanding and the pace and level of their spending may impact the conversion of 
new bookings to revenues. For example, managed services bookings, which are typically for multi-year contracts, generally 
convert to revenue over a longer period of time compared to consulting bookings.

Information regarding our new bookings is not comparable to, nor should it be substituted for, an analysis of our revenues 
over time. New bookings involve estimates and judgments. There are no third-party standards or requirements governing the 
calculation of bookings. We do not update our new bookings for material subsequent terminations or reductions related to 
bookings originally recorded in prior fiscal years. New bookings are recorded using then-existing foreign currency exchange 
rates and are not subsequently adjusted for foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 

 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

40

The majority of our contracts are terminable by the client on short notice with little or no termination penalties, and some 
without notice. Only the non-cancelable portion of these contracts is included in our remaining performance obligations 
disclosed in Note 2 (Revenues) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and 
Supplementary Data.” Accordingly, a significant portion of what we consider contract bookings is not included in our 
remaining performance obligations.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of 
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the reported amounts of revenues 
and expenses. We continually evaluate our estimates, judgments and assumptions based on available information and 
experience. Because the use of estimates is inherent in the financial reporting process, actual results could differ from those 
estimates. Certain of our accounting policies require higher degrees of judgment than others in their application. These 
include certain aspects of accounting for revenue recognition and income taxes. 

Revenue Recognition 

Determining the method and amount of revenue to recognize requires us to make judgments and estimates. Specifically, 
complex arrangements with nonstandard terms and conditions may require contract interpretation to determine the 
appropriate accounting, including whether promised goods and services specified in an arrangement are distinct 
performance obligations and should be accounted for separately. Other judgments include determining whether performance 
obligations are satisfied over time or at a point in time and the selection of the method to measure progress towards 
completion. 

We measure progress towards completion for technology integration consulting services and some non-technology 
consulting services using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion. Revenues, including 
estimated fees, are recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. The amount of revenue recognized for these contracts in a 
period is dependent on our ability to estimate total contract costs. We continually evaluate our estimates of total contract 
costs based on available information and experience.  

Additionally, the nature of our contracts gives rise to several types of variable consideration, including incentive fees. Many 
contracts include incentives or penalties related to costs incurred, benefits produced or adherence to schedules that may 
increase the variability in revenues and margins earned on such contracts. We conduct reviews prior to signing such 
contracts to evaluate whether these incentives are reasonably achievable. Our estimates are monitored over the lives of our 
contracts and are based on an assessment of our anticipated performance, historical experience and other information 
available at the time. 

For additional information, see Note 2 (Revenues) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial 
Statements and Supplementary Data.” 

Income Taxes 

Determining the consolidated provision for income tax expense, income tax liabilities and deferred tax assets and liabilities 
involves judgment. Deferred tax assets and liabilities, measured using enacted tax rates, are recognized for the future tax 
consequences of temporary differences between the tax and financial statement bases of assets and liabilities. As a global 
company, we calculate and provide for income taxes in each of the tax jurisdictions in which we operate. This involves 
estimating current tax exposures in each jurisdiction as well as making judgments regarding the recoverability of deferred tax 
assets. Tax exposures can involve complex issues and may require an extended period to resolve. In assessing the 
realizability of deferred tax assets, we consider whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax 
assets will not be realized and adjust the valuation allowances accordingly. Factors considered in making this determination 
include the period of expiration of the tax asset, planned use of the tax asset, tax planning strategies and historical and 
projected taxable income as well as tax liabilities for the tax jurisdiction in which the tax asset is located. Valuation 
allowances will be subject to change in each future reporting period as a result of changes in one or more of these factors. 
Changes in the geographic mix or estimated level of annual income before taxes can affect the overall effective tax rate. 

We apply an estimated annual effective tax rate to our quarterly operating results to determine the interim provision for 
income tax expense. A change in judgment that impacts the measurement of a tax position taken in a prior year is 
recognized as a discrete item in the interim period in which the change occurs. In the event there is a significant unusual or 
infrequent item recognized in our quarterly operating results, the tax attributable to that item is recorded in the interim period 
in which it occurs. We release stranded tax effects from Accumulated other comprehensive loss using the specific 
identification approach for our defined benefit plans and the portfolio approach for other items. 

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

41

No taxes have been provided on undistributed foreign earnings that are planned to be indefinitely reinvested. If future events, 
including material changes in estimates of cash, working capital and long-term investment requirements, necessitate that 
these earnings be distributed, an additional provision for taxes may apply, which could materially affect our future effective 
tax rate. We currently do not foresee any event that would require us to distribute these indefinitely reinvested earnings. For 
additional information, see Note 11 (Income Taxes) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial 
Statements and Supplementary Data.”

As a matter of course, we are regularly audited by various taxing authorities, and sometimes these audits result in proposed 
assessments where the ultimate resolution may result in us owing additional taxes. We establish tax liabilities or reduce tax 
assets when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are appropriate and supportable under local tax law, we believe 
we may not succeed in realizing the tax benefit of certain positions if challenged. In evaluating a tax position, we determine 
whether it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related 
appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. Our estimate of the ultimate tax liability contains 
assumptions based on past experiences, judgments about potential actions by taxing jurisdictions as well as judgments 
about the likely outcome of issues that have been raised by taxing jurisdictions. The tax position is measured at the largest 
amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement. We evaluate tax positions each 
quarter and adjust the related tax liabilities or assets in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of a 
tax audit or the expiration of a statute of limitations. We believe the estimates and assumptions used to support our 
evaluation of tax positions are reasonable. However, final determinations of prior-year tax liabilities, either by settlement with 
tax authorities or expiration of statutes of limitations, could be materially different from estimates reflected in assets and 
liabilities and historical income tax provisions. The outcome of these final determinations could have a material effect on our 
income tax provision, net income, or cash flows in the period in which that determination is made. We believe our tax 
positions comply with applicable tax law and that we have adequately accounted for these positions.

Revenues by Segment/Geographic Market 

Our three reportable operating segments are our geographic markets, North America, EMEA and Growth Markets. In addition 
to reporting revenues by geographic market and industry group, we also report revenues by two types of work: consulting 
and managed services, which represent the services sold by our geographic markets. Consulting revenues, which include 
strategy, management and technology consulting and technology integration consulting, reflect a finite, distinct project or set 
of projects with a defined outcome and typically a defined set of specific deliverables. Managed services revenues typically 
reflect ongoing, repeatable services or capabilities provided to transition, run and/or manage operations of client systems or 
business functions.  

From time to time, our geographic markets work together to sell and implement certain contracts. The resulting revenues and 
costs from these contracts may be apportioned among the participating geographic markets. Generally, operating expenses 
for each geographic market have similar characteristics and are subject to the same factors, pressures and challenges. 
However, the economic environment and its effects on the industries served by our geographic markets affect revenues and 
operating expenses within our geographic markets to differing degrees. The mix between consulting and managed services 
is not uniform among our geographic markets. Local currency fluctuations also tend to affect our geographic markets 
differently, depending on the geographic concentrations and locations of their businesses. 

While we provide discussion about our results of operations below, we cannot measure how much of our revenue growth in a 
particular period is attributable to changes in price or volume. Management does not track standard measures of unit or rate 
volume. Instead, our measures of volume and price are extremely complex, as each of our services contracts is unique, 
reflecting a customized mix of specific services that does not fit into standard comparability measurements. Revenue for our 
services is a function of the nature of each service to be provided, the skills required and the outcome sought, as well as 
estimated cost, risk, contract terms and other factors. 

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

42

Results of Operations for Fiscal 2024 Compared to Fiscal 2023 

Revenues

Revenues by geographic market, industry group and type of work are as follows: 

(in millions of U.S. dollars)
Geographic Markets

North America (1)

EMEA (2)

Growth Markets (1) (2)

Total Revenues

Industry Groups

Communications, Media & Technology
Financial Services

Health & Public Service

Products

Resources

Total Revenues

Type of Work

Consulting

Managed Services

Total Revenues

Fiscal

2024

30,741  $ 

22,818 

11,338 

64,896  $ 

10,837  $ 

11,610 

13,841 

19,554 

9,054 

64,896  $ 

33,195  $ 

31,701 

64,896  $ 

2023

30,296 

22,293 

11,524 

64,112 

11,453 

12,132 

12,560 

19,104 

8,863 

64,112 

33,613 

30,499 

64,112 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Percent
Increase 
(Decrease)
U.S. 
Dollars

Percent
Increase 
(Decrease)
Local
Currency

 1 %

 2 

 (2) 

 1 %

 (5) %

 (4) 

 10 

 2 

 2 

 1 %

 (1) %

 4 

 1 %

 2 %

 — 

 7 

 2 %

 (4) %

 (3) 

 10 

 2 

 4 

 2 %

 (1) %

 5 

 2 %

Amounts in table may not total due to rounding.

(1)

(2)

In the first quarter of fiscal 2025, our Latin America market unit will move from Growth Markets to North America. With this change, North 
America will become the Americas market and Growth Markets will become the Asia Pacific market.

During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we revised the reporting of our geographic markets for the movement of our Middle East and Africa 
market units from Growth Markets to Europe, and the Europe market became our EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) geographic 
market. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current period presentation.

Geographic Markets 

The following revenues commentary discusses the primary drivers of local currency revenue changes by geographic market 
for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023: 

•

•

•

North America revenues increased 2% in local currency, led by growth in Public Service and Industrial, partially offset by 
declines in Banking & Capital Markets, Communications & Media and Software & Platforms. Revenue growth was driven 
by the United States.

EMEA revenues were flat in local currency, as growth in Public Service was offset by declines in Communications & 
Media and Banking & Capital Markets. Revenues were driven by an increase in Italy, offset by declines in France and 
the United Kingdom.

Growth Markets revenues increased 7% in local currency, led by growth in Banking & Capital Markets, Industrial and 
Chemicals & Natural Resources. Revenue growth was driven by Japan and Argentina, partially offset by declines in 
Australia and Brazil. Argentina revenues grew in local currency due primarily to hyperinflation.

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses for fiscal 2024 decreased $1 million from fiscal 2023, and decreased as a percentage of revenues to 
85.2% from 86.3% during this period.

The primary categories of operating expenses include Cost of services, Sales and marketing and General and administrative 
costs. Cost of services is primarily driven by the cost of people serving our clients, which consists mainly of compensation, 
subcontractor and other payroll costs, and non-payroll costs such as facilities, technology and travel. Cost of services 
includes a variety of activities such as: contract delivery; recruiting and training; software development; and integration of 
acquisitions. Sales and marketing costs are driven primarily by compensation costs for business development activities; 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

43

marketing- and advertising-related activities; and certain acquisition-related costs. General and administrative costs primarily 
include costs for people that are non-client-facing, information systems, office space and certain acquisition-related costs.

Operating expenses by category are as follows:

(in millions of U.S. dollars)
Operating Expenses

Cost of services

Sales and marketing

General and administrative costs

Business optimization costs

Amounts in table may not total due to rounding.

Cost of Services 

Fiscal

2024

2023

Increase 
 (Decrease)

$ 

55,301 

 85.2 % $ 

55,302 

 86.3 % $ 

43,734 

6,847 

4,281 

438 

 67.4 

 10.6 

 6.6 

 0.7 

43,380 

6,583 

4,276 

1,063 

 67.7 

 10.3 

 6.7 

 1.7 

(1) 

354 

264 

5 

(625) 

Cost of services for fiscal 2024 increased $354 million, or 1%, over fiscal 2023, and decreased as a percentage of revenues 
to 67.4% from 67.7% during this period. Gross margin for fiscal 2024 increased to 32.6% compared to 32.3% in fiscal 2023. 
The increase in gross margin for fiscal 2024 was primarily due to lower labor costs, partially offset by higher non-payroll 
costs, primarily for travel compared to fiscal 2023.

Sales and Marketing

Sales and marketing expense for fiscal 2024 increased $264 million, or 4%, over fiscal 2023, and increased as a percentage 
of revenues to 10.6% over 10.3% during this period due to higher selling and other business development costs.

General and Administrative Costs 

General and administrative costs for fiscal 2024 increased $5 million over fiscal 2023, and decreased as a percentage of 
revenues to 6.6% from 6.7% during this period.

Business Optimization Costs

During fiscal 2024 and 2023, we recorded business optimization costs of $438 million and $1,063 million, respectively, 
primarily for employee severance. These business optimization initiatives were completed as of August 31, 2024. For 
additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to our Consolidated Financial Statements 
under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

We have presented operating income, operating margin, effective tax rate and diluted earnings per share on a non-GAAP or 
“adjusted” basis excluding the business optimization costs recorded in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, and, with respect to 
effective tax rate and diluted earnings per share, the impact of an investment gain recorded in fiscal 2023, as we believe 
doing so facilitates understanding as to the impact of these items and our performance in comparison to the prior periods. 
While we believe that this non-GAAP financial information is useful in evaluating our operations, this information should be 
considered as supplemental in nature and not as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance 
with GAAP. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

44

Operating Income and Operating Margin 

Operating income and operating margin for each of the geographic markets are as follows: 

(in millions of U.S. dollars)
North America

EMEA (1)

Growth Markets (1)

Total

Amounts in table may not total due to rounding.

Fiscal

2024

2023

Operating
Income

Operating
Margin

Operating
Income

Operating
Margin

Increase 
(Decrease)

$ 

$ 

4,952 

2,804 

1,840 

9,596 

 16 % $ 

 12 

 16 

 14.8 % $ 

4,474 

2,483 

1,853 

8,810 

 15 % $ 

 11 

 16 

 13.7 % $ 

479 

320 

(13) 

786 

(1)

During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we revised the reporting of our geographic markets for the movement of our Middle East and Africa 
market units from Growth Markets to Europe, and the Europe market became our EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) geographic 
market. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current period presentation.

Operating income for fiscal 2024 increased $786 million, or 9%, compared with fiscal 2023. Operating margin for fiscal 2024 
was 14.8%, compared with 13.7% for fiscal 2023. 

Geographic Markets

We estimate that the aggregate percentage impact of foreign currency exchange rates on our operating income during fiscal 
2024 was similar to that disclosed for revenue for each geographic market. The commentary below provides insight into 
other factors affecting geographic market performance and operating income, including the impact of foreign currency 
exchange rates where significant, for fiscal 2024 compared with fiscal 2023: 

•

•

•

North America operating income increased primarily due to revenue growth, lower business optimization costs and lower 
labor costs, partially offset by a decline in consulting contract profitability and higher acquisition-related costs.

EMEA operating income increased primarily due to the positive impact of foreign currency exchange rates which 
resulted in an increase in U.S. dollar revenues, lower labor costs and lower business optimization costs, partially offset 
by declines in consulting revenues in local currency and consulting contract profitability.

Growth Markets operating income decreased as revenue growth in local currency and lower labor costs were more than 
offset by lower contract profitability and the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rates which resulted in a 
decline in U.S. dollar revenues.

Operating Income and Operating Margin Excluding Business Optimization Costs (Non-GAAP)

The business optimization costs reduced operating margin for fiscal 2024 and 2023 by 70 and 170 basis points, respectively. 
Adjusted operating margin for fiscal 2024 increased 10 basis points to 15.5% compared with fiscal 2023.

2024

2023

Fiscal

Operating
Income 
(GAAP)

Business
Optimization 
(1)

Operating
Income 
(Non-
GAAP)

Operating
Margin 
(Non-
GAAP)

Operating
Income 
(GAAP)

Business
Optimization 
(1)

Operating
Income 
(Non-
GAAP)

Operating
Margin 
(Non-
GAAP)

Increase
(Decrease)

(in millions of U.S. 
dollars)

North America

EMEA (2)

Growth Markets (2)

$ 

4,952  $ 

2,804   

1,840   

68  $ 

249   

122   

5,021 

3,052 

1,961 

 16 % $ 

4,474  $ 

 13 

 17 

2,483   

1,853   

465  $ 

438   

160   

Total

$ 

9,596  $ 

438  $ 

10,034 

 15.5 % $ 

8,810  $ 

1,063  $ 

4,939 

2,922 

2,013 

9,873 

 16 % $ 

 13 

 17 

 15.4 % $ 

82 

131 

(51) 

161 

Amounts in table may not total due to rounding.

(1)

(2)

Costs recorded in connection with our business optimization initiatives, primarily for employee severance.

During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we revised the reporting of our geographic markets for the movement of our Middle East and Africa 
market units from Growth Markets to Europe, and the Europe market became our EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) geographic 
market. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current period presentation.

Other Income (Expense), net

Other income (expense), net primarily consists of foreign currency gains and losses, non-operating components of pension 
expense, as well as gains and losses associated with our investments. During fiscal 2024, Other income (expense), net 
decreased $206 million from fiscal 2023, primarily due to lower gains on investments.

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

45

Income Tax Expense 

The effective tax rate for fiscal 2024 was 23.5%, compared with 23.4% for fiscal 2023. 

Income Tax Expense Excluding Business Optimization Costs and Investment Gain (Non-
GAAP)

Excluding the business optimization costs of $438 million and related reduction in tax expense of $111 million, our adjusted 
effective tax rate was 23.6% for fiscal 2024. Excluding the business optimization costs of $1,063 million and related reduction 
in tax expense of $247 million, and the investment gain of $253 million and related tax expense of $9 million, our adjusted 
effective tax rate was 23.9% for fiscal 2023.

Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests reflects the income earned or expense incurred attributable to the equity 
interest that some current and former members of Accenture Leadership and their permitted transferees have in our 
Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. subsidiary. See “Business—Organizational Structure.” Noncontrolling interests also includes 
amounts primarily attributable to noncontrolling shareholders in our Avanade Inc. subsidiary. Net income attributable to 
Accenture plc represents the income attributable to the shareholders of Accenture plc. 

Earnings Per Share 

Diluted earnings per share were $11.44 for fiscal 2024, compared with $10.77 for fiscal 2023. For information regarding our 
earnings per share calculations, see Note 3 (Earnings Per Share) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, 
“Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” 

Earnings Per Share Excluding Business Optimization Costs and Investment Gain (Non-GAAP)

The business optimization costs of $327 million, net of related taxes, decreased diluted earnings per share by $0.51 for fiscal 
2024. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $11.95 for fiscal 2024. The business optimization costs of $816 million, net of 
related taxes, decreased diluted earnings per share by $1.28 and the investment gain of $244 million, net of related taxes, 
increased diluted earnings per share by $0.38 for fiscal 2023. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $11.67 for fiscal 
2023.

FY24 As Reported

Business optimization costs

Tax effect of business optimization costs (1)

FY24 As Adjusted

FY23 As Reported

Business optimization costs

Gain on an investment
Tax effect of business optimization costs and gain on an investment (1)

FY23 As Adjusted

Amounts in table may not total due to rounding.

Fiscal

11.44 

0.69 

(0.18) 

11.95 

10.77 

1.66 

(0.40) 

(0.37) 

11.67 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

(1)

The income tax effect of business optimization costs and gain on an investment include both the current and deferred income tax impact 
and was calculated by using the relevant tax rate of the country where the adjustments were recorded.

The increase in adjusted diluted earnings per share is due to the following factors:

FY23 As Adjusted

Higher revenue and operating results

Lower share count

Lower effective tax rate

Higher non-operating income

Higher net income attributable to noncontrolling interests

FY24 As Adjusted

Fiscal

11.67 

0.19 

0.05 

0.05 

0.02 

(0.03) 

11.95 

$ 

$ 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

46

Our operating income and diluted earnings per share are affected by currency exchange rate fluctuations on revenues and 
costs. Most of our costs are incurred in the same currency as the related revenues. Where practical, we seek to manage 
foreign currency exposure for costs not incurred in the same currency as the related revenues, such as the costs associated 
with our global delivery model, by using currency protection provisions in our customer contracts and through our hedging 
programs. We seek to manage our costs, taking into consideration the residual positive and negative effects of changes in 
foreign exchange rates on those costs. For more information on our hedging programs, see Foreign Currency Risk under 
Item 7A, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” and Note 9 (Financial Instruments) to our 
Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

Results of Operations for Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022

Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023 includes a discussion and analysis of our 
financial condition and results of operations for the year ended August 31, 2022 in Item 7 of Part II, “Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

47

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations, available cash reserves, debt capacity available under 
various credit facilities and other borrowings. We could raise additional funds through other public or private debt or equity 
financings. We may use our available or additional funds to, among other things:

•

•

•

•

•

facilitate purchases, redemptions and exchanges of shares and pay dividends;

acquire complementary businesses or technologies;

take advantage of opportunities, including more rapid expansion;

develop new services and solutions; or

repay outstanding borrowings and other debt.

See Note 10 (Borrowings and Indebtedness) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements 
and Supplementary Data” for further information regarding our outstanding borrowings and other debt.

As of August 31, 2024, Cash and cash equivalents were $5.0 billion, compared with $9.0 billion as of August 31, 2023. 

Cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, as reflected in our Consolidated Cash Flows Statements, are 
summarized in the following table: 

(in millions of U.S. dollars)
Net cash provided by (used in):

Operating activities

Investing activities

Financing activities

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents

Fiscal

2024

2023

Change

$ 

9,131  $ 

9,524  $ 

(7,062) 

(6,064) 

(46) 

(2,622) 

(5,645) 

(101) 

(393) 

(4,439) 

(418) 

55 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

$ 

(4,041)  $ 

1,155  $ 

(5,196) 

Amounts in table may not total due to rounding.

Operating activities: The $393 million decrease in operating cash flows was primarily due to changes in operating assets 
and liabilities, including receivables from clients and contract assets, partially offset by higher net income.

Investing activities: The $4,439 million increase in cash used was primarily due to higher spending on business 
acquisitions. For additional information, see Note 6 (Business Combinations and Dispositions) to our Consolidated Financial 
Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

Financing activities: The $418 million increase in cash used was due to higher cash dividends paid and net purchases of 
shares, as well as higher purchases of noncontrolling interests, partially offset by higher net proceeds from borrowings. For 
additional information, see Note 14 (Shareholders’ Equity) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial 
Statements and Supplementary Data.”

We believe that our current and longer-term working capital, investments and other general corporate funding requirements 
will be satisfied for the next twelve months and thereafter through cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, 
from our borrowing facilities and future financial market activities.

Substantially all of our cash is held in jurisdictions where there are no regulatory restrictions or material tax effects on the free 
flow of funds. Domestic cash inflows for our Irish parent, principally dividend distributions from lower-tier subsidiaries, have 
been sufficient to meet our historic cash requirements, and we expect this to continue into the future.

Share Purchases and Redemptions 

We  intend  to  continue  to  use  a  significant  portion  of  cash  generated  from  operations  for  share  repurchases  during  fiscal 
2025. The number of shares ultimately repurchased under our open-market share purchase program may vary depending on 
numerous  factors,  including,  without  limitation,  share  price  and  other  market  conditions,  our  ongoing  capital  allocation 
planning, the levels of cash and debt balances, other demands for cash, such as acquisition activity, general economic and/
or business conditions, and board and management discretion. Additionally, as these factors may change over the course of 
the year, the amount of share repurchase activity during any particular period cannot be predicted and may fluctuate from 
time to time. Share repurchases may be made from time to time through open-market purchases, in respect of purchases 
and redemptions of Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares, through the use of Rule 10b5-1 plans and/or by 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

48

other means. The repurchase program may be accelerated, suspended, delayed or discontinued at any time, without notice. 
For  additional  information,  see  Note  14  (Shareholders’  Equity)  to  our  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  under  Item  8, 
“Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” 

Subsequent Events

See Note 10 (Borrowings and Indebtedness) and Note 14 (Shareholders’ Equity) to our Consolidated Financial Statements 
under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” 

Obligations and Commitments

As of August 31, 2024, we had commitments of $3.4 billion related to cloud hosting arrangements, software subscriptions, 
information technology services and other obligations in the ordinary course of business that we cannot cancel or where we 
would be required to pay a termination fee in the event of cancellation. Payments under these commitments are estimated to 
be made as follows:

(in millions of U.S. dollars)

Less than 1 year

1-3 years

3-5 years

More than 5 years

Total

$ 

$ 

Payments (1)

1,068 

1,352 

870 

80 

3,370 

(1)

Amounts do not include recourse that we may have to recover termination fees or penalties from clients. 

For information about borrowing facilities and leases, see Note 10 (Borrowings and Indebtedness) and Note 8 (Leases) to 
our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

In  the  normal  course  of  business  and  in  conjunction  with  some  client  engagements,  we  have  entered  into  contractual 
arrangements through which we may be obligated to indemnify clients with respect to certain matters. To date, we have not 
been  required  to  make  any  significant  payment  under  any  of  these  arrangements.  For  further  discussion  of  these 
transactions,  see  Note  15  (Commitments  and  Contingencies)  to  our  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  under  Item  8, 
“Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” 

New Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial 
Statements and Supplementary Data.” 

 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

49

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative 
Disclosures About Market Risk 

All of our market risk sensitive instruments were entered into for purposes other than trading. 

Foreign Currency Risk 

We are exposed to foreign currency risk in the ordinary course of business. We hedge material cash flow exposures when 
feasible using forward contracts. These instruments are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and credit 
risk. Credit risk is managed through careful selection and ongoing evaluation of the financial institutions utilized as 
counterparties. 

Certain of these hedge positions are undesignated hedges of balance sheet exposures such as intercompany loans and 
typically have maturities of less than one year. These hedges, the most significant of which are U.S. dollar/Euro, U.S. dollar/
Indian rupee, U.S. dollar/Japanese yen, U.S. dollar/U.K. pound, U.S. dollar/Swiss franc, U.S. dollar/Chinese yuan, U.S. 
dollar/Australian dollar and U.S. dollar/Philippine peso, are intended to offset remeasurement of the underlying assets and 
liabilities. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recorded in Other income (expense), net in the Consolidated 
Income Statements. Additionally, we have hedge positions that are designated cash flow hedges of certain intercompany 
charges relating to our global delivery model. These hedges, the most significant of which are U.S. dollar/Indian rupee, U.S. 
dollar/Philippine peso, Euro/Indian rupee and U.K. pound/Indian rupee, typically have maturities not exceeding three years 
and are intended to partially offset the impact of foreign currency movements on future costs relating to our global delivery 
resources. For additional information, see Note 9 (Financial Instruments) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under 
Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” 

For designated cash flow hedges, gains and losses currently recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss are 
expected to be reclassified into earnings at the time when certain anticipated intercompany charges are accrued as Cost of 
services. As of August 31, 2024, it was anticipated that approximately $22 million of net gains, net of tax, currently recorded 
in Accumulated other comprehensive loss will be reclassified into Cost of services within the next 12 months.  

We use sensitivity analysis to determine the effects that market foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations may have on the 
fair value of our hedge portfolio. The sensitivity of the hedge portfolio is computed based on the market value of future cash 
flows as affected by changes in exchange rates. This sensitivity analysis represents the hypothetical changes in value of the 
hedge position and does not reflect the offsetting gain or loss on the underlying exposure. A 10% change in the levels of 
foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar (or other base currency of the hedge if not a U.S. dollar hedge) with 
all other variables held constant would have resulted in a change in the fair value of our hedge instruments of approximately 
$655 million and $856 million as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

Interest Rate Risk 

The interest rate risk associated with our borrowing and investing activities as of August 31, 2024 is not material in relation to 
our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. While we may do so in the future, we have not used 
derivative financial instruments to alter the interest rate characteristics of our investment holdings or debt instruments. 

Equity Investment Risk

Our non-marketable and marketable equity securities are subject to a wide variety of market-related risks that could 
substantially reduce or increase the fair value of our investments.

Our non-marketable equity securities are investments in privately held companies which are often in a start-up or 
development stage, which is inherently risky. The technologies or products these companies have under development are 
typically in the early stages and may never materialize, which could result in a loss of a substantial part of our investment in 
these companies. The evaluations of privately held companies are based on information that we request from these 
companies, which is not subject to the same disclosure regulations as U.S. publicly traded companies, and as such, the 
basis for these evaluations is subject to the timing and accuracy of the data received from these companies. We have 
minimal exposure on our long-term investments in privately held companies as these investments were not material in 
relation to our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows as of August 31, 2024. 

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

50

We record our marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method at fair value based on readily 
determinable market values.

The carrying values of our investments accounted for under the equity method generally do not fluctuate based on market 
price changes; however, these investments could be impaired if the carrying value exceeds the fair value.

Item 8. Financial Statements and 
Supplementary Data

See the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and financial statements commencing on page F-1, which are 
incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With 
Accountants on Accounting and Financial 
Disclosure

None.

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, has evaluated the 
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end 
of the period covered by this report. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide 
only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Based on that evaluation, the principal executive 
officer and the principal financial officer of Accenture plc have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this 
report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.

Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial 
Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting to provide 
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for 
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting 
includes those policies and procedures that:

i.

pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of our assets;

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

51

ii.

provide reasonable assurance that the transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial 
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are 
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and our Board of Directors; and

iii. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of 

our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.

Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, 
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate 
due to changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal 
financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the 
criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control—
Integrated Framework (2013). Based on its evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial 
reporting was effective as of the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the Consolidated Financial Statements included in 
this Annual Report on Form 10-K and, as part of their audit, has issued its attestation report, included herein, on the 
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. See “Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” 
on page F-2.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. Other Information

Trading Arrangements

The table below summarizes the terms of trading arrangements adopted or terminated by our executive officers or directors 
during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. All of the trading arrangements listed below are intended to satisfy the affirmative 
defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c).

Name

Title

Julie Sweet

Manish Sharma

Chair and chief 
executive officer
Chief executive officer—
the Americas

Date of 
Adoption or 
Termination

Adopted on 
July 22, 2024
Adopted on 
July 9, 2024

Duration of Plan (1)

October 21, 2024 - 
July 24, 2025
October 22, 2024 - 
July 24, 2025

Aggregate number of Class A ordinary 
shares to be sold pursuant to the 
trading agreement (2)

32,600

9,300

(1) 

(2) 

Each plan will expire on the earlier of the expiration date or the completion of all transactions under the trading arrangement.

The actual number of shares sold under each plan will depend on the vesting of certain performance-based equity awards and the number 
of shares withheld by Accenture to satisfy its income tax withholding obligations, and may vary from the approximate number provided. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign 
Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

None.

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Part III

Part III

52

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and 
Corporate Governance

There have been no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board 
of Directors from those described in the proxy statement for our 2024 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders filed with the 
SEC on December 13, 2023.

Information about our executive officers is contained in the discussion entitled “Information about our Executive Officers” in 
Part I of this Form 10-K. The remaining information called for by Item 10 will be included in the sections captioned 
“Appointment of Directors,” “Corporate Governance” and “Beneficial Ownership” included in the definitive proxy statement 
relating to the 2025 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Accenture plc to be held on February 6, 2025 and is 
incorporated herein by reference. Accenture plc will file such definitive proxy statement with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 
14A not later than 120 days after the end of our 2024 fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K.

Item 11. Executive Compensation

The information called for by Item 11 will be included in the sections captioned “Executive Compensation” and “Director 
Compensation” included in the definitive proxy statement relating to the 2025 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of 
Accenture plc to be held on February 6, 2025 and is incorporated herein by reference. Accenture plc will file such definitive 
proxy statement with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of our 2024 fiscal year 
covered by this Form 10-K.

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters

53

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain 
Beneficial Owners and Management and 
Related Shareholder Matters

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

The following table sets forth, as of August 31, 2024, certain information related to our compensation plans under which 
Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares may be issued.

Number of Shares to be 
Issued Upon Exercise 
of Outstanding Options, 
Warrants and Rights

Weighted-Average 
Exercise Price of 
Outstanding Options, 
Warrants and Rights (3)

Number of Shares Remaining 
Available for Future Issuance 
Under Equity Compensation 
Plans (Excluding Securities 
Reflected in 1st Column)

Plan Category
Equity compensation plans 
approved by shareholders:

2001 Share Incentive Plan

Amended and Restated 2010 
Share Incentive Plan
Amended and Restated 2010 
Employee Share Purchase Plan  

Equity compensation plans not 
approved by shareholders
Total

9,265  (1)

$ 

16,220,558  (2)

— 

— 

16,229,823 

— 

— 

N/A  

N/A  

— 

27,270,917 

50,575,968 

— 

77,846,885 

(1)

(2)

(3)

Consists of 9,265 restricted share units.

Consists of 16,220,558 restricted share units, with performance-based awards assuming maximum performance.

Restricted share units have no exercise price.

The remaining information called for by Item 12 will be included in the section captioned “Beneficial Ownership” included in 
the definitive proxy statement relating to the 2025 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Accenture plc to be held on 
February 6, 2025 and is incorporated herein by reference. Accenture plc will file such definitive proxy statement with the SEC 
pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of our 2024 fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related 
Transactions, and Director Independence

The information called for by Item 13 will be included in the section captioned “Corporate Governance” included in the 
definitive proxy statement relating to the 2025 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Accenture plc to be held on 
February 6, 2025 and is incorporated herein by reference. Accenture plc will file such definitive proxy statement with the SEC 
pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of our 2024 fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

54

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and 
Services

The information called for by Item 14 will be included in the section captioned “Audit” included in the definitive proxy 
statement relating to the 2025 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Accenture plc to be held on February 6, 2025 and 
is incorporated herein by reference. Accenture plc will file such definitive proxy statement with the SEC pursuant to 
Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of our 2024 fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K.

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Part IV

Part IV

55

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement 
Schedules

(a) List of documents filed as part of this report:

1.   Financial Statements as of August 31, 2024 and 2023 and for the three years ended August 31, 2024—Included in Part II 

of this Form 10-K:

Consolidated Balance Sheets

Consolidated Income Statements

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

Consolidated Shareholders’ Equity Statements

Consolidated Cash Flows Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

2.   Financial Statement Schedules:

None

3.   Exhibit Index:

Exhibit
Number
3.1

3.2

4.1

4.2

4.3

10.1

10.2

10.3*

10.4

10.5*

10.6*

Exhibit
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of Accenture plc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Accenture 
plc’s 8-K filed on February 7, 2018)

Certificate of Incorporation of Accenture plc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Accenture plc’s 8-K12B filed on September 1, 2009 
(the “8-K12B”))

Description of Accenture plc’s Securities (filed herewith)

Indenture, among Accenture Capital Inc., Accenture plc and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., dated as of October 4, 
2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Accenture plc’s 8-K filed on October 4, 2024) 

Officer’s Certificate of Accenture Capital Inc., dated as of October 4, 2024, containing Form of 3.900% Note due 2027, Form of 4.050% 
Note due 2029, Form of 4.250% Note due 2031 and Form of 4.500% Note due 2034 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Accenture 
plc’s 8-K filed on October 4, 2024) 

Form of Voting Agreement, dated as of April 18, 2001, among Accenture Ltd and the covered persons party thereto as amended and 
restated as of February 3, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 9.1 to the Accenture Ltd February 28, 2005 10-Q (File No. 
001-16565))

Assumption Agreement of the Amended and Restated Voting Agreement, dated September 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 
10.4 to the 8-K12B)

Form of Non-Competition Agreement, dated as of April 18, 2001, among Accenture Ltd and certain employees (incorporated by reference 
to Exhibit 10.2 to the Accenture Ltd Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-59194) filed on April 19, 2001)

Assumption and General Amendment Agreement between Accenture plc and Accenture Ltd, dated September 1, 2009 (incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the 8-K12B)

2001 Share Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Accenture Ltd Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 
333-59194) filed on July 12, 2001)

Amended and Restated Accenture plc 2010 Share Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Accenture plc’s 8-K filed on 
January 31, 2024)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

56

10.7*

10.8

10.9

10.10

10.11*

10.12*

10.13

10.14

10.15

10.16

10.17*

10.18*

10.19*

10.20*

10.21*

10.22*

10.23*

10.24*

10.25*

10.26*

10.27*

10.28*

10.29*

10.30*

10.31*

Amended and Restated 2010 Employee Share Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Accenture plc’s 8-K filed on 
January 31, 2024)

Credit Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2024, among Accenture plc, the borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Accenture plc’s 8-K filed on May 17, 2024)

Form  of  Support Agreement,  dated  as  of  May  23,  2001,  between Accenture  Ltd  and Accenture  Canada  Holdings  Inc.  (incorporated  by 
reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Accenture Ltd Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (the “July 2, 2001 Form S-1/A”))

First  Supplemental Agreement  to  Support Agreement  among Accenture  plc, Accenture  Ltd  and Accenture  Canada  Holdings  Inc.,  dated 
September 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the 8-K12B)

Form of Employment Agreement of executive officers in the United States (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the February 28, 
2013 10-Q)

2012  Employment  Contract  between Accenture  SAS  and  Jean-Marc  Ollagnier,  together  with  2017  and  2022 Addenda  (incorporated  by 
reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the August 31, 2022 10-K)

Form of Articles of Association of Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the July 2, 2001 Form S-1/
A)

Articles  of Amendment  to Articles  of Association  of Accenture  Canada  Holdings  Inc.  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.21  to  the 
August 31, 2013 10-K)

Form of Exchange Trust Agreement by and between Accenture Ltd and Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. and CIBC Mellon Trust Company, 
made as of May 23, 2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the July 2, 2001 Form S-1/A)

First Supplemental Agreement to Exchange Trust Agreement among Accenture plc, Accenture Ltd, Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. and 
Accenture Inc., dated September 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the 8-K12B)

2015 Sub-plan for Restricted Share Units Granted in France, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the February 28, 
2022 10-Q )

Form of Director Restricted Share Unit Agreement pursuant to the Amended and Restated Accenture plc 2010 Share Incentive Plan 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the February 29, 2024 10-Q)

Form of Key Executive Performance-Based Award Restricted Share Unit Agreement pursuant to the Amended and Restated Accenture plc 
2010 Share Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the February 28, 2022 10-Q)

Form of Key Executive Performance-Based Award Restricted Share Unit Agreement pursuant to the Amended and Restated Accenture plc 
2010 Share Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the February 28, 2023 10-Q)

Form of Key Executive Performance-Based Award Restricted Share Unit Agreement pursuant to the Amended and Restated Accenture plc 
2010 Share Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the February 29, 2024 10-Q)

Form of Fiscal 2022 Key Executive Performance-Based Award Restricted Share Unit Agreement in France (incorporated by reference to 
Exhibit 10.7 to the February 28, 2022 10-Q)

Form of Fiscal 2023 Key Executive Performance-Based Award Restricted Share Unit Agreement in France (incorporated by reference to 
Exhibit 10.6 to the February 28, 2023 10-Q)

Form of Fiscal 2024 Key Executive Performance-Based Award Restricted Share Unit Agreement in France (incorporated by reference to 
Exhibit 10.6 to the February 29, 2024 10-Q)

Form  of  Accenture  Leadership  Performance  Equity  Award  Restricted  Share  Unit  Agreement  pursuant  to  the  Amended  and  Restated 
Accenture plc 2010 Share Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the February 28, 2022 10-Q)

Form  of  Accenture  Leadership  Performance  Equity  Award  Restricted  Share  Unit  Agreement  pursuant  to  the  Amended  and  Restated 
Accenture plc 2010 Share Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the February 28, 2023 10-Q)

Form  of  Accenture  Leadership  Performance  Equity  Award  Restricted  Share  Unit  Agreement  pursuant  to  the  Amended  and  Restated 
Accenture plc 2010 Share Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the February 29, 2024 10-Q)

Form of Accenture Leadership Performance Equity Award Restricted Share Unit Agreement in France (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 
10.7 to the February 29, 2024 10-Q)

Form of Voluntary Equity Investment Program Matching Grant Restricted Share Unit Agreement pursuant to the Amended and Restated 
Accenture plc 2010 Share Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the February 28, 2023 10-Q)

Form of Voluntary Equity Investment Program Matching Grant Restricted Share Unit Agreement pursuant to the Amended and Restated 
Accenture plc 2010 Share Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the February 29, 2024 10-Q)

Form of CEO Discretionary Grant Restricted Share Unit Agreement pursuant to the Amended and Restated Accenture plc 2010 Share 
Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the February 29, 2024 10-Q )

10.32*

Description of Global Annual Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the February 28, 2022 10-Q)

10.33*

Form of Indemnification Agreement, between Accenture Inc. and the indemnitee party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 
to the August 31, 2018 10-K)

10.34*

Form of Severance Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the December 19, 2023 10-Q)

10.35*

Relocation Benefits Agreement between Accenture LLP and Manish Sharma (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the December 
19, 2023 10-Q)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

57

10.36*

Retirement Agreement between Accenture LLP and Jimmy Etheredge (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the August 31, 2023 
10-K)

19.1

21.1

23.1

23.2

24.1

31.1

31.2

32.1

32.2

Insider Trading Policy (filed herewith)

Subsidiaries of the Registrant (filed herewith)

Consent of KPMG LLP (filed herewith)

Consent of KPMG LLP related to the Accenture plc 2010 Employee Share Purchase Plan (filed herewith)

Power of Attorney (included on the signature page hereto)

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted 
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith)

Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted 
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith)

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith)

Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith)

97.1*

Mandatory Recoupment Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 97.1 to the August 31, 2023 10-K)

99.1

Amended and Restated Accenture plc 2010 Employee Share Purchase Plan Financial Statements (filed herewith)

101

104

The following financial information from Accenture plc’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, formatted 
in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, (ii) Consolidated Income Statements for the 
years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended August 31, 
2024,  2023  and  2022,  (iv)  Consolidated  Shareholders’  Equity  Statements  for  the  years  ended  August  31,  2024,  2023  and  2022,  (v) 
Consolidated Cash Flows Statements for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial 
Statements

The cover page from Accenture plc’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL (included 
as Exhibit 101)

(*)

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other 
disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely 
on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other 
documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the 
actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time.

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary

Not applicable.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Signatures

58

Signatures

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused 
this report to be signed on its behalf on October 10, 2024 by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

ACCENTURE PLC

By:

/s/    JULIE SWEET

Name: Julie Sweet
Title: Chief Executive Officer

Power of Attorney

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and 
appoints Julie Sweet, KC McClure and Joel Unruch, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and 
agents, with power to act with or without the others and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to do any and all 
acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents and each of them may deem 
necessary or desirable to enable the registrant to comply with the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 
any rules, regulations and requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder in connection with the 
registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024 (the “Annual Report”), including 
specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, power and authority to sign the name of the registrant and the 
name of the undersigned, individually and in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the registrant, to the Annual Report 
as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, to any and all amendments thereto, and to any and all 
instruments or documents filed as part thereof or in connection therewith; and each of the undersigned hereby ratifies and 
confirms all that said attorneys and agents and each of them shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on October 10, 2024 
by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated.

Signature

Title

/s/    JULIE SWEET

Julie Sweet

/s/    KC MCCLURE

KC McClure

/s/    MELISSA A. BURGUM

Melissa A. Burgum

/s/    GILLES C. PÉLISSON

Gilles C. Pélisson

/s/    JAIME ARDILA

Jaime Ardila

Chief Executive Officer, Chair of the Board and Director

(principal executive officer)

Chief Financial Officer

(principal financial officer)

Chief Accounting Officer

(principal accounting officer)

Lead Director

Director

 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Signatures

59

/s/    MARTIN BRUDERMÜLLER

Martin Brudermüller

/s/    ALAN JOPE

Alan Jope

/s/    NANCY MCKINSTRY

Nancy McKinstry

/s/    BETH E. MOONEY

Beth E. Mooney

/s/    PAULA A. PRICE

Paula A. Price

/s/    VENKATA S.M. RENDUCHINTALA

Venkata S.M. Renduchintala

/s/    ARUN SARIN

Arun Sarin

/s/    TRACEY T. TRAVIS
Tracey T. Travis

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

  
  
  
  
  
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements

F-1

Accenture plc

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Auditor Firm ID: 185)

Consolidated Financial Statements as of August 31, 2024 and 2023 and for the years ended August 31, 2024, 
2023 and 2022:

Consolidated Balance Sheets

Consolidated Income Statements

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

Consolidated Shareholders’ Equity Statements

Consolidated Cash Flows Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Page

F-2

F-5

F-6

F-7

F-8

F-11

F-12

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

F-2

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 

Accenture plc:

Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Accenture plc and subsidiaries (the Company) as of 
August 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity, and 
cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended August 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively, the 
consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of August 
31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of 
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.  

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial 
position of the Company as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the 
years in the three-year period ended August 31, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also 
in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of 
August 31, 2024 based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of 
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

Basis for Opinions 

The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal 
control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, 
included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility 
is to express an opinion on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company’s internal 
control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company 
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in 
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange 
Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform 
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material 
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in 
all material respects. 

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material 
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that 
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and 
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and 
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial 
statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over 
financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating 
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as 
we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures 
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to 
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and 
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the 
company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

F-3

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, 
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate 
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial 
statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts 
or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, 
subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the 
consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, 
providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

Estimated costs to complete certain technology integration consulting services contracts

As discussed in Notes 1 and 2 to the consolidated financial statements, revenues from contracts for technology 
integration consulting services where the Company designs, builds, and implements new or enhanced system 
applications and related processes for its clients are recognized over time since control of the system is transferred 
continuously to the client. Generally, revenue is recognized using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs 
at completion to measure progress toward satisfying the Company’s performance obligations, which typically occurs 
over time periods ranging from six months to two years.  

We identified the evaluation of estimated costs to complete certain technology integration consulting services contracts 
as a critical audit matter. Subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate the estimate of costs to complete the 
contracts.  

The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design 
and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company’s process for estimating costs to 
complete technology integration consulting services contracts, including controls over the estimate of costs to complete 
the contracts. We tested the estimated costs to complete for certain technology integration consulting services contracts 
by evaluating:

•

•

•

•

the scope of the work and timing of delivery for consistency with the underlying contractual terms;

the estimated costs to complete in relation to progress towards satisfying the Company’s performance obligations, 
based on internal and customer-facing information;

changes to estimated costs, if any, including the amount and timing of the change based on internal information or 
contractual changes; and

actual costs incurred subsequent to the balance sheet date to assess if they were consistent with the estimate for 
that time period.  

We evaluated the Company’s ability to estimate costs by comparing estimates developed at contract inception to actual 
costs ultimately incurred to satisfy the performance obligation.

Unrecognized tax benefits

As discussed in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has $1,905 million of unrecognized tax 
benefits as of August 31, 2024. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company 
recognizes tax positions when it believes such positions are more likely than not of being sustained if challenged. 
Recognized tax positions are measured at the largest amount of benefit greater than 50 percent likely of being realized. 
The Company uses estimates and assumptions in determining the amount of unrecognized tax benefits. 

We identified the evaluation of the Company’s unrecognized tax benefits related to transfer pricing and certain other 
intercompany transactions as a critical audit matter. Complex auditor judgment was required in evaluating the 
Company’s interpretation of tax law and its analysis of the recognition and measurement of its tax positions.

The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design 
and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company’s unrecognized tax benefits 
process, including controls over transfer pricing and certain other intercompany transactions. We involved tax and 
transfer pricing professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in:

•

evaluating the Company’s interpretation of tax laws and income tax consequences of intercompany transactions, 
including internal restructurings and intra-entity transfers of assets;

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

F-4

•

•

•

•

assessing transfer pricing studies for compliance with applicable laws and regulations;

analyzing the Company’s tax positions, including the methodology over measurement of unrecognized tax benefits 
related to transfer pricing;

evaluating the Company’s determination of unrecognized tax benefits, including the associated effect in other 
jurisdictions; and

inspecting settlements with applicable taxing authorities.

In addition, we evaluated the Company’s ability to estimate its unrecognized tax benefits by comparing historical 
unrecognized tax benefits to actual results upon the conclusion of examinations by applicable taxing authorities.

/s/ KPMG LLP

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2002. 

Chicago, Illinois
October 10, 2024

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Consolidated Financial Statements
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts)

F-5

Consolidated Balance Sheets
August 31, 2024 and 2023

ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS:

Cash and cash equivalents
Short-term investments
Receivables and contract assets
Other current assets

Total current assets

NON-CURRENT ASSETS:
Contract assets
Investments
Property and equipment, net
Lease assets
Goodwill
Deferred contract costs
Deferred tax assets
Intangibles
Other non-current assets

Total non-current assets

TOTAL ASSETS
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
CURRENT LIABILITIES:

Current portion of long-term debt and bank borrowings
Accounts payable
Deferred revenues
Accrued payroll and related benefits
Income taxes payable
Lease liabilities
Other accrued liabilities

Total current liabilities

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES:

Long-term debt
Deferred revenues
Retirement obligation
Deferred tax liabilities
Income taxes payable
Lease liabilities
Other non-current liabilities

Total non-current liabilities

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY:

Ordinary shares, par value 1.00 euros per share, 40,000 shares authorized and issued as of 
August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0000225 per share, 20,000,000,000 shares authorized, 
672,484,852 and 664,616,285 shares issued as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, 
respectively
Class X ordinary shares, par value $0.0000225 per share, 1,000,000,000 shares authorized, 
307,754 and 325,438 shares issued and outstanding as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 
2023, respectively
Restricted share units
Additional paid-in capital
Treasury shares, at cost: Ordinary, 40,000 shares as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023; 
Class A ordinary, 47,204,565 and 36,351,137 shares as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 
2023, respectively
Retained earnings
Accumulated other comprehensive loss

Total Accenture plc shareholders’ equity

Noncontrolling interests

Total shareholders’ equity

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

August 31,
2024

August 31,
2023

$  5,004,469  $  9,045,032 
4,575 
  12,227,186 
  2,105,138 
  23,381,931 

5,396 
  13,664,847 
  2,183,069 
  20,857,781 

106,994 
120,260 
197,443 
334,664 
  1,530,007 
  1,521,119 
  2,637,479 
  2,757,396 
  15,573,003 
  21,120,179 
851,972 
862,140 
  4,154,878 
  4,147,496 
  2,072,957 
  2,904,031 
738,641 
  1,307,297 
  35,074,582 
  27,863,374 
$ 55,932,363  $ 51,245,305 

946,229  $ 

$ 
  2,743,807 
  5,174,923 
  7,050,833 
719,084 
726,202 
  1,615,049 
  18,976,127 

104,810 
  2,491,173 
  4,907,152 
  7,506,030 
720,778 
690,417 
  1,588,678 
  18,009,038 

78,628 
641,091 
  1,815,867 
428,845 
  1,514,869 
  2,369,490 
939,198 
  7,787,988 

43,093 
653,954 
  1,595,638 
395,280 
  1,313,971 
  2,310,714 
465,024 
  6,777,674 

57 

15 

57 

15 

— 
  2,614,608 
  14,710,857 

— 
  2,403,374 
  12,778,782 

 (10,564,572)    (7,062,512) 
  23,082,423 
  19,316,224 
  (1,554,742)    (1,743,101) 
  25,692,839 
  28,288,646 
765,754 
879,602 
  29,168,248 
  26,458,593 
$ 55,932,363  $ 51,245,305 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Consolidated Financial Statements
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts)

F-6

Consolidated Income Statements
For the Years Ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

REVENUES:

Revenues

OPERATING EXPENSES:

Cost of services

Sales and marketing

General and administrative costs

Business optimization costs

Total operating expenses

OPERATING INCOME

Interest income

Interest expense

Other income (expense), net

Loss on disposition of Russia business

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES

Income tax expense

NET INCOME

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in Accenture Canada Holdings 
Inc.
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests – other

2024

2023

2022

$  64,896,464  $  64,111,745  $  61,594,305 

  43,734,147 

  43,380,138 

  41,892,766 

6,846,714 

4,281,316 

438,440 

6,582,629 

4,275,943 

1,063,146 

6,108,401 

4,225,957 

— 

  55,300,617 

  55,301,856 

  52,227,124 

9,595,847 

8,809,889 

9,367,181 

272,256 

(58,969) 

(109,811) 

— 
9,699,323 

2,280,126 

7,419,197 

280,409 

(47,525) 

96,559 

— 
9,139,332 

2,135,802 

7,003,530 

45,133 

(47,320) 

(72,533) 

(96,294) 
9,196,167 

2,207,207 

6,988,960 

(7,198) 

(7,204) 

(7,348) 

(147,212) 

(124,769) 

(104,443) 

NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO ACCENTURE PLC

$  7,264,787  $  6,871,557  $  6,877,169 

Weighted average Class A ordinary shares:

Basic

Diluted

Earnings per Class A ordinary share:

Basic

Diluted

Cash dividends per share

  627,852,613 

  630,608,186 

  632,762,710 

  635,940,044 

  638,591,616 

  642,839,181 

$ 

$ 

$ 

11.57  $ 

11.44  $ 

5.16  $ 

10.90  $ 

10.77  $ 

4.48  $ 

10.87 

10.71 

3.88 

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Consolidated Financial Statements
(In thousands of U.S. dollars)

F-7

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
For the Years Ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

NET INCOME

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS), NET OF TAX:

Foreign currency translation

Defined benefit plans

Cash flow hedges

2024

2023

2022

$ 7,419,197  $ 7,003,530  $ 6,988,960 

214,889 

(27,669) 

341,688 

122,268 

(877,256) 

211,187 

1,139 

(16,715) 

(104,776) 

188,359 

447,241 

(770,845) 

2,117 

8,489 

(20,186) 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO ACCENTURE PLC  
Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

$ 7,609,673  $ 7,459,260  $ 6,197,929 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO ACCENTURE PLC

$ 7,453,146  $ 7,318,798  $ 6,106,324 

Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

156,527 

140,462 

91,605 

$ 7,609,673  $ 7,459,260  $ 6,197,929 

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Consolidated Financial Statements
(In thousands of U.S. dollars and share amounts)

Consolidated Shareholders’ Equity Statements
For the Years Ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

F-8

Ordinary
Shares

Class A
Ordinary
Shares

Class X
Ordinary
Shares

No. 
Shares

$

$

No. 
Shares

$

No. 
Shares

Restricted 
Share 
Units

 Additional 
Paid-in 
Capital

Treasury Shares

$

No. 
Shares

Retained 
Earnings

Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Loss

Total 
Accenture plc 
Shareholders’ 
Equity

Noncontrolling 
Interests

Total 
Shareholders’ 
Equity

Balance as of August 31, 2021

$  57 

40  $  15 

  656,591  $ — 

513  $ 1,750,784  $  8,617,838  $  (3,408,491) 

(24,545)  $  13,988,748  $ 

(1,419,497)  $ 

19,529,454  $ 

567,660  $ 

20,097,114 

Net income

Other comprehensive income 
(loss)

Purchases of Class A shares

Share-based compensation 
expense

Purchases/redemptions of 
Accenture Canada Holdings 
Inc. exchangeable shares and 
Class X shares

Issuances of Class A ordinary 
shares for employee share 
programs

Dividends

Other, net

3,954 

(4,111,266) 

(12,181) 

  1,571,059 

108,730 

(12) 

(5,112) 

6,877,169 

(770,845) 

6,877,169 

(770,845) 

(4,107,312) 

1,679,789 

(5,112) 

111,791 

(20,186) 

6,988,960 

(791,031) 

(3,954) 

(4,111,266) 

1,679,789 

(5,112) 

7,970 

  (1,333,963) 

  1,943,912 

841,720 

3,292 

(103,889) 

1,347,780 

1,284 

1,349,064 

103,502 

9,858 

(2,558,186) 

(2,454,684) 

9,858 

(2,622) 

(12,982) 

(2,457,306) 

(3,124) 

Balance as of August 31, 2022

$  57 

40  $  15 

  664,561  $ — 

501  $ 2,091,382  $ 10,679,180  $  (6,678,037) 

(33,434)  $  18,203,842  $ 

(2,190,342)  $ 

22,106,097  $ 

640,991  $ 

22,747,088 

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Consolidated Financial Statements
(In thousands of U.S. dollars and share amounts)

Consolidated Shareholders’ Equity Statements — (continued)
For the Years Ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

F-9

Ordinary
Shares

Class A
Ordinary
Shares

Class X
Ordinary
Shares

No. 
Shares

$

$

No. 
Shares

$

No. 
Shares

Restricted 
Share 
Units

Additional 
Paid-in 
Capital

Treasury Shares

$

No. 
Shares

Retained 
Earnings

6,871,557 

Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Loss

Total 
Accenture plc 
Shareholders’ 
Equity

447,241 

6,871,557 

447,241 

Noncontrolling 
Interests

131,973 

8,489 

Total 
Shareholders’ 
Equity

7,003,530 

455,730 

3,915 

(4,322,529) 

(15,314) 

(4,318,614) 

(3,915) 

(4,322,529) 

(8,828) 

(175,701) 

2,595,281 

8,828 

(2,419,580) 

  1,790,886 

122,165 

(176) 

(7,874) 

— 

1,913,051 

(7,874) 

— 

1,913,051 

(7,874) 

8,883 

  (1,592,561) 

  2,151,005 

1,342,773 

3,529 

(401,493) 

1,499,724 

1,345 

1,501,069 

113,667 

6,092 

(2,938,102) 

(2,824,435) 

6,092 

(2,959) 

(10,170) 

(2,827,394) 

(4,078) 

Net income

Other comprehensive income 
(loss)

Purchases of Class A shares

Cancellation of treasury shares

Share-based compensation 
expense

Purchases/redemptions of 
Accenture Canada Holdings 
Inc. exchangeable shares and 
Class X shares

Issuances of Class A shares for 
employee share programs

Dividends

Other, net

Balance as of August 31, 2023

$  57 

40  $  15 

  664,616  $ — 

325  $ 2,403,374  $ 12,778,782  $  (7,062,512) 

(36,391)  $  19,316,224  $ 

(1,743,101)  $ 

25,692,839  $ 

765,754  $ 

26,458,593 

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Consolidated Financial Statements
(In thousands of U.S. dollars and share amounts)

Consolidated Shareholders’ Equity Statements — (continued)
For the Years Ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

F-10

Ordinary
Shares

Class A
Ordinary
Shares

Class X
Ordinary
Shares

No. 
Shares

$

$

No. 
Shares

$

No. 
Shares

Restricted 
Share 
Units

Additional 
Paid-in 
Capital

Treasury Shares

$

No. 
Shares

3,867 

(4,509,392) 

(13,913) 

  1,821,490 

120,100 

(17) 

(15,254) 

Retained 
Earnings

7,264,787 

Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Loss

Total 
Accenture plc 
Shareholders’ 
Equity

188,359 

7,264,787 

188,359 

(4,505,525) 

1,941,590 

(15,254) 

Noncontrolling 
Interests

154,410 

2,117 

Total 
Shareholders’ 
Equity

7,419,197 

190,476 

(3,867) 

(4,509,392) 

1,941,590 

(15,254) 

7,869 

  (1,739,452) 

  2,280,198 

1,007,332 

3,059 

(131,133) 

1,416,945 

1,186 

1,418,131 

129,196 

(456,836) 

(3,367,455) 

(3,238,259) 

(456,836) 

(3,220) 

(36,778) 

(3,241,479) 

(493,614) 

Net income

Other comprehensive income 
(loss)

Purchases of Class A shares

Share-based compensation 
expense

Purchases/redemptions of 
Accenture Canada Holdings 
Inc. exchangeable shares and 
Class X shares

Issuances of Class A shares for 
employee share programs

Dividends

Other, net

Balance as of August 31, 2024

$  57 

40  $  15 

  672,485  $ — 

308  $ 2,614,608  $ 14,710,857  $ (10,564,572) 

(47,245)  $  23,082,423  $ 

(1,554,742)  $ 

28,288,646  $ 

879,602  $ 

29,168,248 

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Consolidated Financial Statements
(In thousands of U.S. dollars)

F-11

Consolidated Cash Flows Statements
For the Years Ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile Net income to Net cash provided by (used in) 
operating activities—

Depreciation, amortization and other

Share-based compensation expense

Deferred tax expense (benefit)

Other, net

Change in assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions—

Receivables and contract assets, current and non-current

Other current and non-current assets

Accounts payable

Deferred revenues, current and non-current

Accrued payroll and related benefits

Income taxes payable, current and non-current

Other current and non-current liabilities

2024

2023

2022

$  7,419,197  $  7,003,530  $ 

6,988,960 

2,168,038 

1,941,590 

(93,988) 

(144,920) 

2,281,085 

1,913,051 

(268,953) 

(219,082) 

2,088,216 

1,679,789 

(213,294) 

(195,975) 

(601,935) 

(853,202) 

46,512 

28,401 
(614,771) 

114,076 

87,669 

(2,411,735) 

(526,228) 

(171,217) 

159,819 
(261,913) 

113,251 

(716,910) 

374,349 

648,506 
1,271,999 

473,313 

(446,089) 

(277,971) 

(586,744) 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities

9,131,027 

9,524,268 

9,541,129 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:

Purchases of property and equipment

Purchases of businesses and investments, net of cash acquired
Proceeds from the sale of businesses and investments, net of cash transferred  
Other investing, net

(516,509) 

(528,172) 

(717,998) 

(6,582,702)   

(2,530,863)   

(3,447,552) 

28,721 

8,672 

424,387 

12,178 

(107,659) 

12,580 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities

(7,061,818)   

(2,622,470)   

(4,260,629) 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:

Proceeds from issuance of shares

Purchases of shares

Proceeds from debt

Repayments of debt

Cash dividends paid

Other financing, net

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of period

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of period
SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION:

Interest paid

Income taxes paid, net

1,418,131 

1,501,069 

1,349,064 

(4,524,646)   

(4,330,403)   

(4,116,378) 

1,599,033 

(771,246) 

100,000 

— 

— 

— 

(3,241,479)   

(2,827,394)   

(2,457,306) 

(543,301) 

(88,598) 

(86,406) 

(6,063,508)   
(46,264) 

(5,645,326)   
(101,273) 

(5,311,026) 
(247,815) 

(4,040,563)   

1,155,199 

(278,341) 

9,045,032 

7,889,833 

8,168,174 

$  5,004,469  $  9,045,032  $ 

7,889,833 

$ 

37,182  $ 

46,505  $ 

45,970 

$  2,386,620  $  2,315,920  $ 

1,778,922 

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-12

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Description of Business 

Accenture is a leading global professional services company, providing a broad range of services and solutions across 
Strategy & Consulting, Technology, Operations, Industry X and Song. We serve clients in three geographic markets: North 
America, EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) and Growth Markets. We combine our strength in technology and 
leadership in cloud, data and AI with unmatched industry experience, functional expertise and global delivery capability to 
help the world’s leading organizations build their digital core, optimize their operations, accelerate revenue growth and 
enhance services—creating tangible value at speed and scale.

Basis of Presentation  

The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Accenture plc, an Irish company, and our controlled 
subsidiary companies. Accenture plc is an Irish public limited company, which operates its business through its subsidiaries.  

The shares of Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. held by persons other than us are treated as noncontrolling interests in the 
Consolidated Financial Statements. The noncontrolling interests were less than 1% as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, 
respectively.

All references to years, unless otherwise noted, refer to our fiscal year, which ends on August 31. For example, a reference 
to “fiscal 2024” means the 12-month period that ended on August 31, 2024. All references to quarters, unless otherwise 
noted, refer to the quarters of our fiscal year. 

The preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial 
Statements and accompanying disclosures. Although these estimates are based on management’s best knowledge of 
current events and actions that we may undertake in the future, actual results may be different from those estimates.

Revenue Recognition 

We account for revenue in accordance with FASB ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). 

Performance Obligations 

A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the client and is the unit of 
accounting in Topic 606. A contract’s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as 
revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, we allocate 
the contract’s transaction price to each performance obligation based on the relative standalone selling price. The primary 
method used to estimate standalone selling price is the expected cost plus a margin approach, under which we forecast our 
expected costs of satisfying a performance obligation and then add an appropriate margin for that distinct good or service 
based on margins for similar services sold on a standalone basis. While determining relative standalone selling price and 
identifying separate performance obligations require judgment, generally relative standalone selling prices and the separate 
performance obligations are readily identifiable as we sell those performance obligations unaccompanied by other 
performance obligations. Contract modifications are routine in the performance of our contracts. Contracts are often modified 
to account for changes in the contract specifications, requirements or duration. If a contract modification results in the 
addition of performance obligations priced at a standalone selling price or if the post-modification services are distinct from 
the services provided prior to the modification, the modification is accounted for separately. If the modified services are not 
distinct, they are accounted for as part of the existing contract. 

Our revenues are derived from contracts for managed services, technology integration consulting services and non-
technology integration consulting services. These contracts have different terms based on the scope, performance 
obligations and complexity of the engagement, which frequently require us to make judgments and estimates in recognizing 
revenues. We have many types of contracts, including time-and-materials contracts, fixed-price contracts, fee-per-transaction 
contracts and contracts with multiple fee types. 

The nature of our contracts gives rise to several types of variable consideration, including incentive fees. Many contracts 
include incentives or penalties related to costs incurred, benefits produced or adherence to schedules that may increase the 

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-13

variability in revenues and margins earned on such contracts. These variable amounts generally are awarded or refunded 
upon achievement of or failure to achieve certain performance metrics, milestones or cost targets and can be based upon 
client discretion. We include these variable fees in the estimated transaction price when there is a basis to reasonably 
estimate the amount of the fee and it is not probable a significant reversal of revenue will occur. These estimates reflect the 
expected value of the variable fees and are based on an assessment of our anticipated performance, historical experience 
and other information available at the time. 

Our performance obligations are satisfied over time as work progresses or at a point in time. The majority of our revenues 
are recognized over time based on the extent of progress towards satisfying our performance obligations. The selection of 
the method to measure progress towards completion requires judgment and is based on the contract and the nature of the 
services to be provided. 

Managed Services Contracts 

Our managed services contracts typically span several years. Revenues are generally recognized on managed services 
contracts over time because our clients benefit from the services as they are performed. Managed services contracts require 
us to provide a series of distinct services each period over the contract term. Revenues from unit-priced contracts are 
recognized as transactions are processed. When contractual billings represent an amount that corresponds directly with the 
value provided to the client (e.g., time-and-materials contracts), revenues are recognized as amounts become billable in 
accordance with contract terms. 

Technology Integration Consulting Services

Revenues from contracts for technology integration consulting services where we design/redesign, build and implement new 
or enhanced systems and related processes for our clients are recognized over time as control of the system is transferred 
continuously to the client. Contracts for technology integration consulting services generally span six months to two years. 
Generally, revenue, including estimated fees, is recognized using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at 
completion to measure progress toward satisfying our performance obligations. Incurred cost represents work performed, 
which corresponds with, and thereby best depicts, the transfer of control to the client. 

Non-Technology Integration Consulting Services 
Our contracts for non-technology integration consulting services are typically less than one year in duration. Revenues are 
generally recognized over time as our clients benefit from the services as they are performed, or the contract, for which the 
related services lack an alternative use, includes termination provisions enabling payment for performance completed to 
date. When contractual billings represent an amount that corresponds directly with the value provided to the client (e.g., time-
and-materials contracts), revenues are recognized as amounts become billable in accordance with contract terms. Revenues 
from fixed-price contracts are generally recognized using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion 
to measure progress toward satisfying our performance obligations. Incurred cost represents work performed, which 
corresponds with, and thereby best depicts, the transfer of control to the client. For non-technology integration consulting 
contracts which do not qualify to recognize revenue over time, we recognize revenues at a point in time when the client 
obtains control of the promised good or service. 

Contract Estimates 

Estimates of total contract revenues and costs are continuously monitored over the lives of our contracts, and recorded 
revenues and cost estimates are subject to revision as the contract progresses. If at any time the estimate of contract 
profitability indicates an anticipated loss on a technology integration consulting contract, we recognize the loss in the quarter 
it first becomes probable and reasonably estimable. 

Contract Balances 

The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in Receivables, Contract assets, and Deferred 
revenues (Contract liabilities) on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Amounts are billed as work progresses in accordance with 
agreed-upon contractual terms, either at periodic intervals (e.g., monthly or quarterly) or upon achievement of contractual 
milestones. In limited circumstances, we agree to extend financing to certain clients. The terms vary by contract, but 
generally payment for services is contractually linked to the achievement of specified performance milestones. When the 
period between payment and transfer of goods or services is one year or less, we do not assess the existence of, and 
therefore, do not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component. Our 
receivables are rights to consideration that are conditional only upon the passage of time as compared to our contract 
assets, which are rights to consideration conditional upon additional factors. When we bill or receive payments from our 
clients before revenue is recognized, we record Contract liabilities. Contract assets and liabilities are reported on our 
Consolidated Balance Sheet on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period. 

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-14

For some managed services contracts, we receive payments for transition or set-up activities, which are deferred and 
recognized as revenue as the services are provided. These advance payments are typically not a significant financing 
component because they are used to meet working capital demands in the early stages of a contract and to protect us from 
the other party failing to complete its obligations under the contract. We elected the practical expedient to report revenues 
net of any revenue-based taxes assessed by governmental authorities that are imposed on and concurrent with specific 
revenue-producing transactions.

Employee Share-Based Compensation Arrangements 

Share-based compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period for awards of equity instruments to 
employees based on the grant date fair value of those awards expected to ultimately vest. Forfeitures are estimated on the 
date of grant and revised if actual or expected forfeiture activity differs from previous estimates. 

Income Taxes 

We calculate and provide for income taxes in each of the tax jurisdictions in which we operate. Deferred tax assets and 
liabilities, measured using enacted tax rates, are recognized for the future tax consequences of temporary differences 
between the tax and financial statement bases of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance reduces the deferred tax assets 
to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. We establish liabilities or reduce assets when we believe tax 
positions are not more likely than not of being sustained if challenged. Recognized tax positions are measured at the largest 
amount of benefit greater than 50 percent likely of being realized. Each fiscal quarter, we evaluate tax positions and adjust 
the related tax assets and liabilities in light of changing facts and circumstances. We release stranded tax effects from 
Accumulated other comprehensive loss using the specific identification approach for our defined benefit plans and the 
portfolio approach for other items. 

Translation of Non-U.S. Currency Amounts 

Assets and liabilities of subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars at fiscal 
year-end exchange rates. Revenue and expense items are translated at average foreign currency exchange rates prevailing 
during the fiscal year. Translation adjustments are included in Accumulated other comprehensive loss. Gains and losses 
arising from intercompany foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term investment nature are reported in the same 
manner as translation adjustments. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents consist of all cash balances and liquid investments with original maturities of three months or 
less, including certificates of deposit and time deposits. 

Allowance for Credit Losses—Client Receivables and Contract 
Assets 

We record client receivables and contract assets at their face amounts less an allowance for credit losses. The allowance 
represents our estimate of expected credit losses based on historical experience, current economic conditions and certain 
forward-looking information. As of August 31, 2024 and 2023, the total allowances recorded for credit losses recorded for 
client receivables and contract assets was $27,561 and $26,343, respectively. The change in the allowance is primarily due 
to changes in gross client receivables, contract assets and immaterial write-offs. 

Concentrations of Credit Risk 

Our financial instruments, consisting primarily of cash and cash equivalents, foreign currency exchange rate instruments and 
client receivables, are exposed to concentrations of credit risk. We place our cash and cash equivalents and foreign 
exchange instruments with highly-rated financial institutions, limit the amount of credit exposure with any one financial 
institution and conduct ongoing evaluations of the credit worthiness of the financial institutions with which we do business. 
Client receivables are dispersed across many different industries and countries; therefore, concentrations of credit risk are 
limited. 

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Investments

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-15

All available-for-sale securities and liquid investments with an original maturity greater than three months but less than one 
year are considered to be Short-term investments. Non-current investments consist of equity securities in privately-held 
companies and are accounted for using either the equity or fair value measurement alternative method of accounting (for 
investments without readily determinable fair values). Investments are periodically assessed for other-than-temporary 
impairment. If an investment is deemed to have experienced an other-than-temporary decline below its basis, we reduce the 
carrying amount of the investment to its estimated fair value.

Our non-current investments are as follows:

Equity method investments

Investments without readily determinable fair values

Total non-current investments

August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023

$ 

$ 

128,634  $ 

206,030 

334,664  $ 

23,985 

173,458 

197,443 

For investments in which we can exercise significant influence but do not control, we use the equity method of accounting. 
Equity method investments are initially recorded at cost and our proportionate share of gains and losses of the investee are 
included as a component of Other income (expense), net.  

For equity securities without a readily determinable fair value, we use the fair value measurement alternative and measure 
the securities at cost less impairment, if any, plus or minus observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical 
or similar investment of the same issuer.

Depreciation and Amortization 

See table below for summary of depreciation on fixed assets, deferred transition amortization, intangible assets amortization 
and operating lease cost for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

Depreciation

Amortization—Deferred transition

Amortization—Intangible assets

Operating lease cost
Other
Total depreciation, amortization and other

Property and Equipment 

Fiscal

2024

2023

$ 

547,935  $ 

620,659  $ 

352,045 

530,062 

719,434 

18,562 

339,139   

440,957   

868,082   

12,248   

2022

591,748 

280,093 

438,897 

769,806 

7,672 

$ 

2,168,038  $ 

2,281,085  $ 

2,088,216 

Property and equipment is stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation of property and equipment is 
computed on a straight-line basis over the following estimated useful lives: 

Computers, related equipment and software

Furniture and fixtures

Leasehold improvements

Goodwill 

3 to 7 years

5 to 10 years

Lesser of lease term or 15 years

Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of an acquired entity over the fair value of net assets acquired. We 
review the recoverability of goodwill by operating segment annually, or more frequently when indicators of impairment exist. 
Based on the results of our annual impairment analysis, we determined that no impairment existed as of August 31, 2024 or 
2023, as each reportable segment’s estimated fair value substantially exceeded its carrying value. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-16

Long-Lived Assets 

Long-lived assets, including lease assets, deferred contract costs and identifiable intangible assets, are reviewed for 
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets 
may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets or groups of assets is assessed based on a comparison of the 
carrying amount to the undiscounted estimated future net cash flows. If estimated future undiscounted net cash flows are 
less than the carrying amount, the asset is considered impaired and a loss is recorded equal to the amount required to 
reduce the carrying amount to fair value. 

Intangible assets with finite lives are generally amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated economic useful 
lives, ranging from one to eighteen years.

Operating Expenses 

Selected components of operating expenses are as follows: 

Research and development costs

Advertising costs (1)

Provision for (release of) doubtful accounts (2)

Fiscal

2024

2023

2022

$  1,150,430  $  1,298,657  $  1,123,296 

104,510 

10,163 

100,652 

3,856 

119,202 

(2,284) 

(1)

(2)

Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. 

For additional information, see “Allowance for Credit Losses—Client Receivables and Contract Assets.” 

Business Optimization

During the second quarter of fiscal 2023, we initiated actions to streamline our operations, transform our non-billable 
corporate functions and consolidate our office space to reduce costs. We recorded a total of $1.5 billion related to these 
actions, primarily for employee severance, which have been completed as of August 31, 2024. Total business optimization 
costs by reportable operating segment for fiscal 2024 and 2023 were as follows:

North America

EMEA (1)

Growth Markets (1)

Total business optimization costs

Fiscal

2024

68,201  $ 

248,724 

121,515 

2023

464,879 

438,093 

160,174 

438,440  $ 

1,063,146 

$ 

$ 

(1)

During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we revised the reporting of our geographic markets for the movement of our Middle East and Africa 
market units from Growth Markets to Europe, and the Europe market became our EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) geographic 
market. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current period presentation.

New Accounting Pronouncements

On November 27, 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 
No. 2023-07, Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, which requires entities to enhance disclosures regarding 
their segments, including significant segment expenses. The ASU will be effective beginning with our annual fiscal 2025 
financial statements and requires a retrospective method upon adoption. We are currently evaluating the impact of this 
standard on our segment disclosures.

On December 14, 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, which requires 
disclosure of disaggregated income taxes paid, prescribes standard categories for the components of the effective tax rate 
reconciliation, and modifies other income tax-related disclosures. The ASU will be effective beginning with our annual fiscal 
2026 financial statements and allows for adoption on a prospective basis, with a retrospective option. We are in the process 
of assessing the impacts and method of adoption. This ASU will impact our income tax disclosures, but not our financial 
position or results of operations.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-17

2. Revenues 

Disaggregation of Revenue 

See Note 16 (Segment Reporting) to these Consolidated Financial Statements for our disaggregated revenues. 

Remaining Performance Obligations 

We had remaining performance obligations of approximately $30 billion and $26 billion as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, 
respectively. Our remaining performance obligations represent the amount of transaction price for which work has not been 
performed and revenue has not been recognized. The majority of our contracts are terminable by the client on short notice 
with little or no termination penalties, and some without notice. Under Topic 606, only the non-cancelable portion of these 
contracts is included in our performance obligations. Additionally, our performance obligations only include variable 
consideration if we assess it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the 
uncertainty is resolved. Based on the terms of our contracts, a significant portion of what we consider contract bookings is 
not included in our remaining performance obligations. We expect to recognize approximately 66% of our remaining 
performance obligations as of August 31, 2024 as revenue in fiscal 2025, an additional 16% in fiscal 2026, and the balance 
thereafter.

Contract Estimates 

Adjustments in contract estimates related to performance obligations satisfied or partially satisfied in prior periods were 
immaterial for both fiscal 2024 and 2023. 

Contract Balances 

Deferred transition revenues were $641,091 and $653,954 as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and are included in 
Non-current deferred revenues. Costs related to these activities are also deferred and are expensed as the services are 
provided. Generally, deferred amounts are protected in the event of early termination of the contract and are monitored 
regularly for impairment. Impairment losses are recorded when projected remaining undiscounted operating cash flows of the 
related contract are not sufficient to recover the carrying amount of contract assets. Deferred transition costs 
were $862,140 and $851,972 as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and are included in Deferred contract costs. 
Deferred transition amortization expense for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $352,045, $339,139 and $280,093, 
respectively. 

The following table provides information about the balances of our Receivables and Contract assets, net of allowance, and 
Contract liabilities (Deferred revenues): 

Receivables

Contract assets (current)

Receivables and contract assets, net of allowance (current)

Contract assets (non-current)

Deferred revenues (current)

Deferred revenues (non-current)

August 31, 2024

August 31, 2023

$ 

11,873,442  $ 

10,690,713 

1,791,405 

13,664,847 

120,260 

5,174,923 

641,091 

1,536,473 

12,227,186 

106,994 

4,907,152 

653,954 

Changes in the contract asset and liability balances during fiscal 2024, were a result of normal business activity and not 
materially impacted by any other factors. 

Revenues recognized during fiscal 2024 that were included in Deferred revenues as of August 31, 2023 were $4.2 billion. 
Revenues recognized during fiscal 2023 that were included in Deferred revenues as of August 31, 2022 were $3.9 billion.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-18

3. Earnings Per Share 

Basic and diluted earnings per share are calculated as follows: 

Basic Earnings per share

Net income attributable to Accenture plc

Basic weighted average Class A ordinary shares

Basic earnings per share

Diluted Earnings per share

Fiscal

2024

2023

2022

$  7,264,787  $  6,871,557  $  6,877,169 

  627,852,613 

  630,608,186 

  632,762,710 

$ 

11.57  $ 

10.90  $ 

10.87 

Net income attributable to Accenture plc
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in Accenture Canada 
Holdings Inc. (1)
Net income for diluted earnings per share calculation

Basic weighted average Class A ordinary shares
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon redemption/exchange of 
noncontrolling interests (1)
Diluted effect of employee compensation related to Class A ordinary shares

$  7,264,787  $  6,871,557  $  6,877,169 

7,198 

7,204 

7,348 

$  7,271,985  $  6,878,761  $  6,884,517 

  627,852,613 

  630,608,186 

  632,762,710 

621,333 

660,420 

675,949 

7,232,113 

7,207,770 

9,045,668 

Diluted effect of share purchase plans related to Class A ordinary shares

233,985 

115,240 

354,854 

Diluted weighted average Class A ordinary shares (2)

Diluted earnings per share

  635,940,044 

  638,591,616 

  642,839,181 

$ 

11.44  $ 

10.77  $ 

10.71 

(1)

(2)

Diluted earnings per share assumes the exchange of all Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares for Accenture plc Class A 
ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis. The income effect does not take into account “Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests - 
other,” since those shares are not redeemable or exchangeable for Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares. 

The weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the calculation of diluted earnings per share excludes an immaterial amount of shares 
issuable upon the vesting of restricted stock units because their effects were antidilutive.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-19

4. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss  

The following table summarizes the changes in the accumulated balances for each component of accumulated other 
comprehensive loss attributable to Accenture plc: 

Foreign currency translation
    Beginning balance
             Foreign currency translation
             Income tax benefit (expense)
             Portion attributable to noncontrolling interests
             Foreign currency translation, net of tax
    Ending balance

Defined benefit plans
    Beginning balance
             Actuarial gains (losses)
             Pension settlement
             Prior service costs arising during the period
             Reclassifications into net periodic pension and 
             post-retirement expense
             Income tax benefit (expense)
             Portion attributable to noncontrolling interests
             Defined benefit plans, net of tax
    Ending balance

Cash flow hedges
    Beginning balance
             Unrealized gain (loss) 
             Reclassification adjustments into Cost of services
             Income tax benefit (expense)  
             Portion attributable to noncontrolling interests
             Cash flow hedges, net of tax
    Ending balance (1)

Fiscal

2024

2023

2022

$ 

(1,510,632)  $ 
215,655 
1,376 
(2,142) 
214,889 
(1,295,743)   

(1,852,320)  $ 
349,151 
918 
(8,381) 
341,688 
(1,510,632)   

(975,064) 
(904,530) 
6,975 
20,299 
(877,256) 
(1,852,320) 

(226,503) 
(67,860) 
(5,276) 
(307) 

26,080 
19,668 
26 
(27,669) 
(254,172) 

(5,966) 
22,139 
(28,386) 
7,387 
(1) 
1,139 
(4,827) 

(348,771) 
147,499 
(9,481) 
11,888 

34,634 
(62,147) 
(125) 
122,268 
(226,503) 

10,749 
(64,331) 
27,865 
19,734 
17 
(16,715) 
(5,966) 

(559,958) 
238,865 
— 
1,052 

51,061 
(79,567) 
(224) 
211,187 
(348,771) 

115,525 
(14,310) 
(92,275) 
1,698 
111 
(104,776) 
10,749 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

$ 

(1,554,742)  $ 

(1,743,101)  $ 

(2,190,342) 

(1)

As of August 31, 2024, $21,905 of net unrealized gains related to derivatives designated as cash flow hedges is expected to be reclassified 
into cost of services in the next twelve months. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-20

5. Property and Equipment  

The components of Property and equipment, net are as follows: 

Computers, related equipment and software

Furniture and fixtures

Leasehold improvements

Property and equipment, gross

Total accumulated depreciation

Property and equipment, net

August 31, 2024

August 31, 2023

$ 

2,163,222  $ 

2,112,846 

431,516 

1,640,236 

4,234,974 

433,473 

1,558,373 

4,104,692 

(2,713,855)   

(2,574,685) 

$ 

1,521,119  $ 

1,530,007 

Depreciation expense for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $547,935, $620,659 and $591,748, respectively. 

6. Business Combinations and Dispositions

Business Combinations

We completed a number of individually immaterial acquisitions during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022. These acquisitions were 
completed primarily to expand our services and solutions offerings. The table below gives additional details related to these 
acquisitions:

Total consideration

Goodwill

Intangible assets

Fiscal

2024

2023

$ 

6,456,648  $ 

2,482,109  $ 

5,320,890 

1,265,290 

2,094,972 

544,661 

2022

3,416,981 

2,758,893 

737,040 

The intangible assets primarily consist of customer-related intangibles, which are being amortized over one to eighteen 
years. The goodwill was allocated among our reportable operating segments and is partially deductible for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes.

Dispositions

During fiscal 2022, we disposed of our business in Russia, which was part of our Europe segment (now referred to as our 
EMEA segment). The transaction resulted in a non-operating loss of $96,294, which was not deductible for tax purposes and 
did not have a material effect on our operations or financial results.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-21

7. Goodwill and Intangible Assets  

Goodwill 

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by reportable operating segment are as follows: 

August 31,
2022

Additions/
Adjustments

Foreign
Currency
Translation

August 31,
2023

Additions/
Adjustments

Foreign
Currency
Translation

August 31,
2024

$  7,744,582  $  1,145,007  $ 

(13,539)  $  8,876,050  $  2,733,720  $ 

5,124  $ 11,614,894 

4,178,853 

1,209,858 

596,341 

389,318 

376,955 

5,152,149 

2,021,785 

167,752 

7,341,686 

(54,372) 

1,544,804 

594,095 

24,700 

2,163,599 

$ 13,133,293  $  2,130,666  $ 

309,044  $ 15,573,003  $  5,349,600  $ 

197,576  $ 21,120,179 

Geographic Markets

North America
EMEA (1)

Growth Markets (1)

Total

(1)

During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we revised the reporting of our geographic markets for the movement of our Middle East and Africa 
market units from Growth Markets to Europe, and the Europe market became our EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) geographic 
market. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current period presentation.

Goodwill includes immaterial adjustments related to prior period acquisitions. 

Intangible Assets 

Our definite-lived intangible assets by major asset class are as follows: 

Intangible Asset Class

Customer-related

Technology

Patents

Other

Total

August 31, 2023

August 31, 2024

Gross 
Carrying 
Amount

Accumulated 
Amortization

Net Carrying 
Amount

Gross 
Carrying 
Amount

Accumulated 
Amortization

Net Carrying 
Amount

$  2,842,257  $ 

(999,604)  $  1,842,653  $  3,924,339  $ 

(1,336,679)  $  2,587,660 

289,989 

123,579 

65,138 

(141,022) 

148,967 

(70,472) 

(36,908) 

53,107 

28,230 

335,845 

120,457 

150,098 

(183,182) 

(72,518) 

(34,329) 

152,663 

47,939 

115,769 

$  3,320,963  $ 

(1,248,006)  $  2,072,957  $  4,530,739  $ 

(1,626,708)  $  2,904,031 

Total amortization related to our intangible assets was $530,062, $440,957 and $438,897 for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, 
respectively. Estimated future amortization related to intangible assets held as of August 31, 2024 is as follows: 

Fiscal Year

2025

2026

2027

2028

2029

Thereafter

Total

Estimated Amortization

$ 

607,430 

544,229 

481,008 

449,784 

344,094 

477,486 

$ 

2,904,031 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

8. Leases

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-22

As a lessee, substantially all of our lease obligation is for office real estate. Our significant judgments used in determining our 
lease obligation include whether a contract is or contains a lease and the determination of the discount rate used to calculate 
the lease liability. We elected the practical expedient not to separate lease and associated non-lease components, 
accounting for them as a single combined lease component, for our office real estate and automobile leases.  

Our leases may include the option to extend or terminate before the end of the contractual term and are often non-
cancelable or cancelable only by the payment of penalties. Our lease assets and liabilities include these options in the lease 
term when it is reasonably certain that they will be exercised. In certain cases, we sublease excess office real estate to third-
party tenants.

Lease assets and liabilities recognized at the lease commencement date are determined predominantly as the present value 
of the payments due over the lease term. Since we cannot determine the implicit rate in our leases, we use our incremental 
borrowing rate on that date to calculate the present value. Our incremental borrowing rate approximates the rate at which we 
could borrow, on a secured basis for a similar term, an amount equal to our lease payments in a similar economic 
environment.

When we are the lessee, all leases are recognized as lease liabilities and associated lease assets on the Consolidated 
Balance Sheet. Lease liabilities represent our obligation to make payments arising from the lease. Lease assets represent 
our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and may also include advance payments, initial direct costs, or lease 
incentives. Payments that depend upon an index or rate, such as the Consumer Price Index (CPI), are included in the 
recognition of lease assets and liabilities at the commencement-date rate. Other variable payments, such as common area 
maintenance, property and other taxes, utilities and insurance that are based on the lessor’s cost, are recognized in the 
Consolidated Income Statement in the period incurred.

As of August 31, 2024 and 2023, we had no material finance leases. Operating lease expense is recorded on a straight-line 
basis over the lease term. Lease costs are as follows:

Operating lease cost

Variable lease cost

Sublease income

Total

Fiscal

2024

2023

719,434  $ 

868,082  $ 

220,953 

(18,618) 

213,078 

(17,061) 

921,769  $ 

1,064,099  $ 

$ 

$ 

Supplemental information related to operating lease transactions is as follows:

Lease liability payments

Lease assets obtained in exchange for liabilities

$ 

678,489  $ 

768,797  $ 

590,892 

434,179 

Fiscal

2024

2023

2022

769,806 

187,087 

(16,804) 

940,089 

2022

730,815 

690,767 

As of August 31, 2024 and 2023, our operating leases had a weighted average remaining lease term of 6.7 and 6.9 years, 
respectively, and a weighted average discount rate of 4.2% and 3.8%, respectively. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-23

The following maturity analysis presents future undiscounted cash outflows (inflows) for operating leases as of August 31, 
2024: 

2025

2026

2027

2028

2029

Thereafter

Total lease payments (receipts)

Less interest

Total lease liabilities

Lease 
Payments

$ 

740,814  $ 

Sublease 
Receipts
(11,774) 

627,170 

511,905 

393,376 

301,910 

959,774 

(8,855) 

(8,044) 

(7,897) 

(7,469) 

(71) 

$  3,534,949  $ 

(44,110) 

(439,257) 

$  3,095,692 

As of August 31, 2024, we have entered into leases that have not yet commenced with future lease payments of $60,580 
that are not reflected in the table above. These leases are primarily related to office real estate and will commence in fiscal 
2025 with lease terms of up to 11 years. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-24

9. Financial Instruments

Derivatives 

In the normal course of business, we use derivative financial instruments to manage foreign currency exchange rate risk. 
Derivative transactions are governed by a uniform set of policies and procedures covering areas such as authorization, 
counterparty exposure and hedging practices. Positions are monitored using techniques such as market value and sensitivity 
analyses. We do not enter into derivative transactions for trading purposes. We classify cash flows from our derivative 
programs as cash flows from operating activities in the Consolidated Cash Flows Statements. 

Certain derivatives give rise to credit risks from the possible non-performance by counterparties. Credit risk is generally 
limited to the fair value of those contracts that are favorable to us, and the maximum amount of loss due to credit risk, based 
on the gross fair value of our derivative financial instruments that are in an asset position, was $119,248 as of August 31, 
2024. 

We utilize standard counterparty master agreements containing provisions for the netting of certain foreign currency 
transaction obligations and for set-off of certain obligations in the event of an insolvency of one of the parties to the 
transaction. These provisions may reduce our potential overall loss resulting from the insolvency of a counterparty and 
reduce a counterparty’s potential overall loss resulting from our insolvency. Additionally, these agreements contain early 
termination provisions triggered by adverse changes in a counterparty’s credit rating, thereby enabling us to accelerate 
settlement of a transaction prior to its contractual maturity and potentially decrease our realized loss on an open transaction. 
Similarly, a decrement in our credit rating could trigger a counterparty’s early termination rights, thereby enabling a 
counterparty to accelerate settlement of a transaction prior to its contractual maturity and potentially increase our realized 
loss on an open transaction. The aggregate fair value of our derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features 
that were in a liability position as of August 31, 2024 was $90,567. 

Our derivative financial instruments consist of deliverable and non-deliverable foreign currency forward contracts. Fair values 
for derivative financial instruments are based on prices computed using third-party valuation models and are classified as 
Level 2 in accordance with the three-level hierarchy of fair value measurements. All of the significant inputs to the third-party 
valuation models are observable in active markets. Inputs include current market-based parameters such as forward rates 
and yield curves. For additional information related to the three-level hierarchy of fair value measurements, see Note 12 
(Retirement and Profit Sharing Plans) to these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Cash Flow Hedges 

Certain of our subsidiaries are exposed to currency risk through their use of our global delivery resources. To mitigate this 
risk, we use foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the foreign exchange risk of the forecasted intercompany expenses 
denominated in foreign currencies for up to three years in the future. We have designated these derivatives as cash flow 
hedges. As of August 31, 2024 and 2023, we held no derivatives that were designated as fair value or net investment 
hedges. 

In order for a derivative to qualify for hedge accounting, the derivative must be formally designated as a fair value, cash flow 
or net investment hedge by documenting the relationship between the derivative and the hedged item. The documentation 
includes a description of the hedging instrument, the hedged item, the risk being hedged, our risk management objective and 
strategy for undertaking the hedge, the method for assessing the effectiveness of the hedge and the method for measuring 
hedge ineffectiveness. Additionally, the hedge relationship must be expected to be highly effective at offsetting changes in 
either the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item at both inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis.

For a cash flow hedge, the effective portion of the change in estimated fair value of a hedging instrument is recorded in 
Accumulated other comprehensive loss as a separate component of Shareholders’ Equity and is reclassified into Cost of 
services in the Consolidated Income Statements during the period in which the hedged transaction is recognized. The 
amounts related to derivatives designated as cash flow hedges that were reclassified into Cost of services were net gains of 
$28,386, net losses of $27,865 and net gains of $92,275 during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The ineffective 
portion of the change in fair value of a cash flow hedge is recognized immediately in Other income (expense), net in the 
Consolidated Income Statements and for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, was not material. In addition, we did not discontinue 
any cash flow hedges during fiscal 2024, 2023 or 2022.

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-25

Other Derivatives 

We also use foreign currency forward contracts, which have not been designated as hedges, to hedge balance sheet 
exposures, such as intercompany loans. These instruments are generally short-term in nature, with typical maturities of less 
than one year, and are subject to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. Realized gains or losses and changes in the 
estimated fair value of these derivatives were net losses of $48,840, $135,586 and $168,625 for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, 
respectively. Gains and losses on these contracts are recorded in Other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Income 
Statements and are offset by gains and losses on the related hedged items.

Fair Value of Derivative Instruments 

The notional and fair values of all derivative instruments are as follows: 

Assets

Cash Flow Hedges

Other current assets

Other non-current assets

Other Derivatives

Other current assets

Total assets

Liabilities

Cash Flow Hedges

Other accrued liabilities

Other non-current liabilities

Other Derivatives

Other accrued liabilities

Total liabilities

Total fair value

Total notional value

  August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023

$ 

51,152  $ 

28,363 

52,995 

44,739 

39,733 

119,248  $ 

6,686 

104,420 

29,247  $ 

35,346 

50,020 

26,076 

25,974 

90,567  $ 

28,681  $ 

38,645 

114,741 

(10,321) 

14,824,483  $ 

13,390,031 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

We utilize standard counterparty master agreements containing provisions for the netting of certain foreign currency 
transaction obligations and for the set-off of certain obligations in the event of an insolvency of one of the parties to the 
transaction. In the Consolidated Balance Sheets, we record derivative assets and liabilities at gross fair value. The potential 
effect of netting derivative assets against liabilities under the counterparty master agreements is as follows: 

Net derivative assets

Net derivative liabilities

Total fair value

August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023

$ 

$ 

91,127  $ 

62,446 

50,528 

60,849 

28,681  $ 

(10,321) 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-26

10. Borrowings and Indebtedness 

As of August 31, 2024 and 2023, we had total outstanding debt of $1,024,857 and $147,903, respectively. 

As of August 31, 2024, we had the following borrowing facilities: 

Credit 
Facilities

$ 

5,500,000 

1,949,796 

294,806 

$ 

7,744,602 

Syndicated loan facility (1)

Separate, uncommitted, unsecured multicurrency revolving credit facilities (2)

Local guaranteed and non-guaranteed lines of credit (3)

Total

(1)

(2)

(3)

On May 14, 2024, we replaced our $3,000,000 syndicated 5-year credit facility with a new $5,500,000 syndicated credit facility maturing on 
May 14, 2029. This facility provides unsecured, revolving borrowing capacity for general corporate capital purposes, including the issuance 
of letters of credit and short-term commercial paper. Borrowings under this facility will accrue interest at the applicable risk-free rate plus a 
spread. We continue to be in compliance with relevant covenant terms. The facility is subject to annual commitment fees. As of August 31, 
2024, we had $935,000 of commercial paper outstanding (excluding unamortized discounts) and backed by this facility, with a weighted-
average effective interest rate of 5.4%, maturing at various dates through the first quarter of fiscal 2025. As of August 31, 2023 we had 
$100,000 of commercial paper outstanding backed by our $3,000,000 syndicated 5-year credit facility, with a weighted-average effective 
interest rate of 5.4%.

We maintain separate, uncommitted and unsecured multicurrency revolving credit facilities. These facilities provide local currency financing 
for the majority of our operations. Interest rate terms on the revolving facilities are at market rates prevailing in the relevant local markets. 
As of August 31, 2024 and 2023, we had no borrowings under these facilities. 

We also maintain local guaranteed and non-guaranteed lines of credit for those locations that cannot access our global facilities. As of 
August 31, 2024 and 2023, we had no borrowings under these various facilities.

We had an aggregate of $1,269,178 and $1,080,819 of letters of credit outstanding and $935,000 (excluding unamortized 
discounts) and $100,000 of commercial paper outstanding as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The amount of 
letters of credit and commercial paper outstanding reduces the available borrowing capacity under these facilities. 

Subsequent Events

On October 4, 2024, Accenture Capital Inc. (“Accenture Capital”), an indirect wholly owned finance subsidiary of Accenture 
plc, issued $5.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes, comprised of $1.1 billion of 3.90% senior notes 
due October 4, 2027, $1.2 billion of 4.05% senior notes due October 4, 2029, $1.2 billion of 4.25% senior notes due October 
4, 2031 and $1.5 billion of 4.50% senior notes due October 4, 2034. Accenture plc fully and unconditionally guarantees these 
notes. Net proceeds from the offering will be used for general corporate purposes, including repayment of outstanding 
commercial paper borrowings. Interest on the senior unsecured notes is payable semi-annually in arrears. Accenture Capital 
may redeem the senior unsecured notes at any time in whole, or from time to time, in part at specified redemption prices. 
Accenture plc and Accenture Capital are not subject to any financial covenants under the senior unsecured notes.

 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-27

11. Income Taxes

Current taxes

U.S. federal

U.S. state and local

Non-U.S.

Total current tax expense

Deferred taxes

U.S. federal

U.S. state and local
Non-U.S.

Total deferred tax (benefit) expense 

Total

The components of Income before income taxes are as follows: 

U.S. sources

Non-U.S. sources
Total

Fiscal

2024

2023

2022

$ 

408,281  $ 

422,435  $ 

173,024 

1,792,809 

2,374,114 

220,043 

1,762,277 

2,404,755 

(154,553) 

(55,141) 

115,706 

(93,988) 

(334,942) 

(63,098) 

129,087 

(268,953) 

298,685 

152,862 

1,968,954 

2,420,501 

(202,318) 

(48,597) 

37,621 

(213,294) 

$ 

2,280,126  $ 

2,135,802  $ 

2,207,207 

Fiscal

2024

2023

2022

$ 

$ 

1,628,818  $ 

1,562,011  $ 

1,644,380 

8,070,505 

7,577,321 

7,551,787 

9,699,323  $ 

9,139,332  $ 

9,196,167 

The reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate to our effective income tax rate is as follows: 

U.S. federal statutory income tax rate

U.S. state and local taxes, net

Non-U.S. operations taxed at other rates

Final determinations (1)
Other net activity in unrecognized tax benefits

Excess tax benefits from share based payments

Foreign-derived intangible income deduction

Other, net

Effective income tax rate

2024

 21.0 %

 0.9 

 1.0 

 (1.2) 

 2.7 

 (1.0) 

 (1.5) 

 1.6 

Fiscal

2023 (2)

 21.0 %

 1.1 

 1.4 

 (1.0) 

 3.2 

 (1.3) 

 (2.1) 

 1.1 

2022 (2)

 21.0 %

 1.0 

 0.8 

 (0.9) 

 3.0 

 (3.0) 

 (1.0) 

 3.1 

 23.5 %

 23.4 %

 24.0 %

(1)

(2)

Final determinations include final agreements with tax authorities and expirations of statutes of limitations. 

Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current period presentation.

As of August 31, 2024, we had not recognized a deferred tax liability on approximately $5,700,000 of undistributed earnings 
for certain foreign subsidiaries, because these earnings are intended to be indefinitely reinvested. If such earnings were 
distributed, some countries may impose additional taxes. The unrecognized deferred tax liability (the amount payable if 
distributed) is approximately $290,000. 

Portions of our operations are subject to reduced tax rates or are free of tax under various tax holidays which expire through 
fiscal 2031. The income tax benefits attributable to the tax status of these subsidiaries were estimated to be approximately 
$44,000, $40,000 and $29,000 in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

The revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities due to enacted changes in tax laws and tax rates did not have a material 
impact on our effective tax rate in fiscal 2024, 2023, or 2022.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-28

The components of our deferred tax assets and liabilities included the following: 

Deferred tax assets

Pensions
Compensation and benefits

Share-based compensation

Tax credit carryforwards

Net operating loss carryforwards

Deferred amortization deductions

Indirect effects of unrecognized tax benefits

Licenses and other intangibles

Leases

Capitalized research costs

Other

Total deferred tax assets

Valuation allowance

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance

Deferred tax liabilities

Pensions

Investments in subsidiaries

Intangibles

Leases

Other

Total deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax assets

August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 (1)

$ 

542,749  $ 

756,863 

558,772 

1,481,510 

287,818 

788,681 

399,504 

866,606 

771,755 

667,999 

858,875 

7,981,132 
(1,618,414)   

6,362,718 

(162,221) 

(243,796) 

(826,078) 

(677,569) 

(734,403) 

(2,644,067)   

$ 

3,718,651  $ 

518,782 

909,894 

518,126 

1,380,841 

172,690 

842,471 

315,145 

1,089,720 

715,393 

363,135 

657,346 

7,483,543 
(1,480,678) 

6,002,865 

(205,411) 

(176,539) 

(647,477) 

(625,190) 

(588,650) 

(2,243,267) 

3,759,598 

(1) Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current period presentation.

We recorded valuation allowances of $1,618,414 and $1,480,678 as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, against 
deferred tax assets principally associated with certain tax credit and tax net operating loss carryforwards, as we believe it is 
more likely than not that these assets will not be realized. For all other deferred tax assets, we believe it is more likely than 
not that the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize these deferred tax assets. During 
fiscal 2024 and 2023, we recorded net increases of $137,737 and $424,656 in the valuation allowance, respectively, primarily 
related to valuation allowances on certain tax credit carryforwards, as we believe it is more likely than not that these assets 
will not be realized.

We had tax credit carryforwards as of August 31, 2024 of $1,481,510, of which $35,984 will expire between 2025 and 2034 
and $1,445,526 has an indefinite carryforward period. We had net operating loss carryforwards as of August 31, 2024 of 
$1,254,124. Of this amount, $246,984 expires between 2025 and 2034, $124,484 expires between 2035 and 2044, and 
$882,656 has an indefinite carryforward period. 

As of August 31, 2024, we had $1,904,867 of unrecognized tax benefits, of which $1,408,347, if recognized, would favorably 
affect our effective tax rate. As of August 31, 2023, we had $1,744,481 of unrecognized tax benefits, of which $1,289,173, if 
recognized, would favorably affect our effective tax rate. The remaining unrecognized tax benefits as of August 31, 2024 and 
2023 of $496,520 and $455,308, respectively, represent items recorded as offsetting tax benefits associated with the 
correlative effects of potential transfer pricing adjustments, state income taxes and timing adjustments. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-29

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows: 

Balance, beginning of year

Additions for tax positions related to the current year

Additions for tax positions related to prior years

Reductions for tax positions related to prior years

Statute of limitations expirations

Settlements with tax authorities

Cumulative translation adjustment

Balance, end of year

Fiscal

2024

2023

$ 

1,744,481  $ 

1,469,336 

348,146 

95,354 

446,929 

99,926 

(189,689) 

(152,799) 

(85,362) 

(11,488) 

3,425 

(72,039) 

(60,292) 

13,420 

$ 

1,904,867  $ 

1,744,481 

We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in our Income tax expense. During fiscal 2024, 
2023 and 2022, we recognized expense of $37,396, $21,137 and $25,369 in interest and penalties, respectively. Accrued 
interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits of $210,642 ($198,328, net of tax benefits) and $172,163 
($161,753, net of tax benefits) were reflected on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, 
respectively.

As a global company, we file tax returns in multiple tax jurisdictions including the U.S. and Ireland. We have participated in 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) Compliance Assurance Process (“CAP”) program since fiscal 2016. CAP tax years 
are examined by the IRS on a contemporaneous basis so that most issues are resolved prior to filing the tax return. The 
years from fiscal 2021 forward remain open for examination by the IRS. The years from fiscal 2020 forward remain open for 
examination by the Irish tax authorities. We are currently under audit in U.S. state and other non-U.S. tax jurisdictions. 
However, with limited exceptions, we are no longer subject to examination by those taxing authorities for years before 2016. 
Although the outcome of tax audits is always uncertain and could result in significant cash tax payments, we do not believe 
the outcome of these audits will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. 
We believe that it is reasonably possible that our unrecognized tax benefits could decrease by approximately $414,000 or 
increase by approximately $719,000 in the next 12 months as a result of settlements, lapses of statutes of limitations, tax 
audit activity and other adjustments. The majority of these amounts relate to transfer pricing matters in both U.S. and non-
U.S. tax jurisdictions.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-30

12. Retirement and Profit Sharing Plans 

Defined Benefit Pension and Postretirement Plans 

In the United States and certain other countries, we maintain and administer defined benefit retirement plans and 
postretirement medical plans for certain current, retired and resigned employees. In addition, our U.S. defined benefit 
pension plans include a frozen plan for former pre-incorporation partners, which is unfunded. Benefits under the employee 
retirement plans are primarily based on years of service and compensation during the years immediately preceding 
retirement or termination of participation in the plan. The defined benefit pension disclosures include our U.S. and material 
non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans. 

Assumptions 

The weighted-average assumptions used to determine the defined benefit pension obligations as of August 31 and the net 
periodic pension expense are as follows: 

August 31,
2024

Pension Plans
August 31,
2023

August 31,
2022

U.S.
Plans

Non-
U.S. 
Plans

U.S. 
Plans

Non-
U.S. 
Plans

U.S. 
Plans

Non-
U.S. 
Plans

Postretirement Plans
August 31, 
2023
U.S. and 
Non-U.S. 
Plans

August 31, 
2024
U.S. and 
Non-U.S. 
Plans

August 31, 
2022
U.S. and 
Non-U.S. 
Plans

Discount rate for determining 
projected benefit obligation
Discount rate for determining 
net periodic pension expense
Long term rate of return on 
plan assets
Rate of increase in future 
compensation for determining 
projected benefit obligation
Rate of increase in future 
compensation for determining 
net periodic pension expense
Interest crediting rate for 
determining projected benefit 
obligation

Interest crediting rate for 
determining net periodic 
pension expense

 5.25 %  4.46 %  5.00 %  4.68 %  4.25 %  3.99 %

 5.24 %

 5.00 %

 4.28 %

 5.00 %  4.68 %  4.25 %  3.99 %  2.50 %  2.41 %

 5.00 %

 4.28 %

 2.53 %

 3.75 %  3.82 %  3.50 %  3.19 %  3.50 %  2.23 %

 2.47 %

 2.88 %

 2.89 %

 2.05 %  5.07 %  2.07 %  5.13 %  2.07 %  5.30 %

 2.07 %  5.13 %  2.07 %  5.30 %  2.09 %  4.48 %

N/A  1.10 %

N/A  1.59 %

N/A  1.37 %

N/A  1.59 %

N/A  1.37 %

N/A  0.77 %

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

We utilize a full yield curve approach to estimate the service and interest cost components by applying specific spot rates 
along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. This approach 
provides a correlation between projected benefit cash flows and the corresponding yield curve spot rates and provides a 
precise measurement of service and interest costs. The discount rate assumptions are based on the expected duration of the 
benefit payments for each of our defined benefit pension and postretirement plans as of the annual measurement date and 
are subject to change each year.

The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets should, over time, approximate the actual long-term returns on defined 
benefit pension and postretirement plan assets and is based on historical returns and the future expectations for returns for 
each asset class, as well as the target asset allocation of the asset portfolio. 

Assumed U.S. Health Care Cost Trend 

Our U.S. postretirement plan assumed annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of health care benefits is 8.8% for the 
plan year ending August 31, 2025. The rate is assumed to decrease on a straight-line basis to 4.0% for the plan year ending 
August 31, 2049 and remain at that level thereafter.

 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-31

Pension and Postretirement Expense 

Pension expense for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $222,891, $206,346 and $188,001, respectively. Postretirement 
expense for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 was not material to our Consolidated Financial Statements. The service cost 
component of pension and postretirement expense is included in operating expenses while the other components of net 
benefit cost are included in Other income (expense), net. 

Benefit Obligation, Plan Assets and Funded Status 

The changes in the benefit obligations, plan assets and funded status of our pension and postretirement benefit plans for 
fiscal 2024 and 2023 are as follows: 

Pension Plans

August 31,
2024

August 31,
2023

  U.S. Plans

Non-
U.S. Plans

U.S. Plans

Non-
U.S. Plans

Postretirement Plans

August 31, 
2024
U.S. and 
Non-U.S. 
Plans

August 31, 
2023
U.S. and 
Non-U.S. 
Plans

Reconciliation of benefit obligation

Benefit obligation, beginning of year

$  311,871  $  2,032,733  $  328,907  $ 2,011,658  $  500,978  $  589,744 

Service cost

Interest cost

Participant contributions

Acquisitions/divestitures/transfers

Amendments

Special termination benefits

Plan combinations

Actuarial (gain) loss

Benefits paid

Exchange rate impact

1,379 

15,209 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

143,673 

89,795 

20,524 

6,999 

307 

— 

— 

1,622 

12,440 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

137,002 

75,765 

21,868 

21,941 

(11,888) 

— 

319 

21,628 

24,992 

30,079 

23,807 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

28 

— 

200 

— 

(5,848) 

31,528 

(13,635) 

(176,748) 

70,382 

(122,473) 

(18,269) 

(102,054) 

(17,463) 

(119,697) 

(21,183) 

(19,698) 

— 

(46,622) 

— 

72,513 

(826) 

(709) 

Benefit obligation, end of year

$  304,342  $  2,176,883  $  311,871  $ 2,032,733  $  595,971  $  500,978 

Reconciliation of fair value of plan 
assets
Fair value of plan assets, beginning of 
year

Actual return on plan assets

Acquisitions/divestitures/transfers

Employer contributions 

Participant contributions
Benefits paid

Exchange rate impact

$  216,596  $  1,126,387  $  233,260  $ 1,126,871  $ 

28,391  $ 

25,793 

11,396 

— 
11,203 

— 

64,530 

5,142 
116,343 

20,524 

(10,141) 

(104,173) 

— 
10,940 

— 

19,358 
126,996 

21,868 

1,696 

— 
20,236 

— 

(653) 

— 
22,949 

— 

(18,269) 

(102,054) 

(17,463) 

(119,697) 

(21,183) 

(19,698) 

— 

(28,524) 

— 

55,164 

— 

— 

Fair value of plan assets, end of year

$  220,926  $  1,202,348  $  216,596  $ 1,126,387  $ 

29,140  $ 

28,391 

Funded status, end of year

$ 

(83,416)  $ 

(974,535)  $ 

(95,275)  $  (906,346)  $  (566,831)  $  (472,587) 

Amounts recognized in the Consolidated 
Balance Sheets

Non-current assets

Current liabilities

Non-current liabilities

$ 

12,098  $ 

148,357  $ 

6,556  $  124,600  $ 

—  $ 

— 

(11,389) 

(52,743) 

(11,495) 

(64,913) 

(1,195) 

(1,210) 

(84,125) 

  (1,070,149)   

(90,336) 

(966,033) 

(565,636) 

(471,377) 

Funded status, end of year

$ 

(83,416)  $ 

(974,535)  $ 

(95,275)  $  (906,346)  $  (566,831)  $  (472,587) 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-32

Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Gain) Loss 

The pre-tax accumulated net (gain) loss and prior service (credit) cost recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive 
(gain) loss as of August 31, 2024 and 2023 is as follows: 

Pension Plans

August 31,
2024

August 31,
2023

U.S. Plans

Non-U.S. 
Plans

U.S. Plans

Non-U.S. 
Plans

Postretirement Plans

August 31,
2024
U.S. and 
Non-U.S. 
Plans

August 31,
2023
U.S. and 
Non-U.S. 
Plans

$ 

72,948  $  310,100  $ 

90,199  $  324,500  $ 

(22,993)  $ 

(96,281) 

— 

(17,326) 

— 

(19,138) 

4,143 

5,122 

$ 

72,948  $  292,774  $ 

90,199  $  305,362  $ 

(18,850)  $ 

(91,159) 

Net (gain) loss

Prior service (credit) cost

Accumulated other comprehensive 
(gain) loss, pre-tax

Funded Status for Defined Benefit Plans 

The accumulated benefit obligation for defined benefit pension plans as of August 31, 2024 and 2023 is as follows: 

Accumulated benefit obligation

August 31,
2024

August 31,
2023

U.S. Plans

Non-U.S.
Plans

U.S. Plans

Non-U.S.
Plans

$  303,302  $ 1,894,477  $  309,898  $ 1,771,880 

The following information is provided for defined benefit pension plans and postretirement plans with projected benefit 
obligations in excess of plan assets and for defined benefit pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of 
plan assets as of August 31, 2024 and 2023: 

Pension Plans

August 31,
2024

August 31,
2023

U.S. Plans

Non-U.S.
Plans

U.S. Plans

Non-U.S.
Plans

Postretirement Plans

August 31,
2024
U.S. and 
Non-U.S. 
Plans

August 31,
2023
U.S. and 
Non-U.S. 
Plans

Projected benefit obligation in excess 
of plan assets
Projected benefit obligation

$ 

Fair value of plan assets

95,514  $ 1,426,931  $  101,830  $ 1,328,422  $  595,971  $  500,978 
28,391 

297,495 

304,039 

29,140 

— 

— 

August 31,
2024

August 31,
2023

U.S. Plans

Non-U.S.
Plans

U.S. Plans

Non-U.S.
Plans

$ 

95,514  $ 1,110,660  $  101,830  $ 1,036,344 

— 

241,608 

— 

233,905 

Accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets

Accumulated benefit obligation

Fair value of plan assets

Investment Strategies 

U.S. Pension Plans

The overall investment objective of the defined benefit pension plans is to match the duration of the plans’ assets to the 
plans’ liabilities while managing risk in order to meet current defined benefit pension obligations. The plans’ future prospects, 
their current financial conditions, our current funding levels and other relevant factors suggest that the plans can tolerate 
some interim fluctuations in market value and rates of return in order to achieve long-term objectives without undue risk to 
the plans’ ability to meet their current benefit obligations. We recognize that asset allocation of the defined benefit pension 
plans’ assets is an important factor in determining long-term performance. Actual asset allocations at any point in time may 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-33

vary from the target asset allocations and will be dictated by current and anticipated market conditions, required cash flows 
and investment decisions of the investment committee and the pension plans’ investment funds and managers. Ranges are 
established to provide flexibility for the asset allocation to vary around the targets without the need for immediate 
rebalancing. 

Non-U.S. Pension Plans 

Plan assets in non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans conform to the investment policies and procedures of each plan and to 
relevant legislation. The pension committee or trustee of each plan regularly, but at least annually, reviews the investment 
policy and the performance of the investment managers. In certain countries, the trustee is also required to consult with us. 
Asset allocation decisions are made to provide risk adjusted returns that align with the overall investment strategy for each 
plan. Generally, the investment return objective of each plan is to achieve a total annualized rate of return that exceeds 
inflation over the long term by an amount based on the target asset allocation mix of that plan. In certain countries, plan 
assets are invested in funds that are required to hold a majority of assets in bonds, with a smaller proportion in equities. Also, 
certain plan assets are entirely invested in contracts held with the plan insurer, which determines the strategy. Defined 
benefit pension plans in certain countries are unfunded. 

Risk Management 

Plan investments are exposed to risks including market, interest rate and operating risk. In order to mitigate significant 
concentrations of these risks, the assets are invested in a diversified portfolio primarily consisting of fixed income instruments 
and equities. To minimize asset volatility relative to the liabilities, plan assets allocated to debt securities appropriately match 
the duration of individual plan liabilities. Equities are diversified between U.S. and non-U.S. index funds and are intended to 
achieve long term capital appreciation. Plan asset allocation and investment managers’ guidelines are reviewed on a regular 
basis. 

Plan Assets 

Our target allocation for fiscal 2025 and weighted-average plan assets allocations as of August 31, 2024 and 2023 by asset 
category for defined benefit pension plans are as follows: 

Asset Category

Equity securities

Debt securities

Cash and short-term investments

Insurance contracts

Other
Total

Fair Value Measurements 

2025 Target
Allocation
U.S.
Plans

Non-U.S.
Plans

2024

2023

U.S.
Plans

Non-U.S.
Plans

U.S.
Plans

Non-U.S.
Plans

 — %

 100 

 — 

 — 

 — 

 28 %

 — %

 23 %

 — %

 19 %

 36 

 7 

 21 

 8 

 94 

 6 

 — 

 — 

 42 

 5 

 21 

 9 

 95 

 5 

 — 

 — 

 43 

 6 

 22 

 10 

 100 %

 100 %

 100 %

 100 %

 100 %

 100 %

Fair value is the price that would be received upon sale of an asset or paid upon transfer of a liability in an orderly transaction 
between market participants at the measurement date and in the principal or most advantageous market for that asset or 
liability. The fair value should be calculated based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or 
liability, not on assumptions specific to the entity. 

The three-level hierarchy of fair value measurements is based on whether the inputs to those measurements are observable 
or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs 
reflect our market assumptions. The fair-value hierarchy requires the use of observable market data when available and 
consists of the following levels: 

•

•

•

Level 1—Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets; 

Level 2—Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in 
markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs are observable in active markets; 
and 

Level 3—Valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs are unobservable.

 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-34

The fair values of defined benefit pension and postretirement plan assets as of August 31, 2024 are as follows: 

Non-U.S. Plans

Equity

Mutual fund equity securities

Fixed Income

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

$ 

20,205  $ 

253,494  $ 

—  $ 

273,699 

U.S. government, state and local debt securities

Non-U.S. government debt securities

Non-U.S. corporate debt securities

Mutual fund debt securities

Cash and short-term investments

Insurance contracts

Other

Total

— 

208,550 

13,471 

— 

63,383 

— 

— 

9,765 

18,821 

— 

253,025 

— 

65,083 

84,848 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

184,884 

26,819 

9,765 

227,371 

13,471 

253,025 

63,383 

249,967 

111,667 

$ 

305,609  $ 

685,036  $ 

211,703  $ 

1,202,348 

The level 3 assets are primarily invested in an insurance buy-in contract in a Non-U.S. plan. The fair value of the assets is 
set to an actuarially calculated present value of the underlying liabilities.  

The U.S. Plans have $250,066 in Level 2 assets, primarily made up of U.S. corporate debt securities of $169,800 and U.S. 
government, state and local debt securities of $35,086. 

The following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of Level 3 assets for fiscal 2024:

Level 3 Assets

Beginning balance

Changes in fair value

Ending Balance

Fiscal 2024

207,910 

3,793 

211,703 

$ 

$ 

The fair values of defined benefit pension and postretirement plan assets as of August 31, 2023 are as follows:

Non-U.S. Plans

Equity

Mutual fund equity securities

Non-U.S. corporate equity securities

Fixed Income

Non-U.S. government debt securities

Non-U.S. corporate debt securities

Mutual fund debt securities

Cash and short-term investments

Insurance contracts

Other

Total

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

$ 

7,430  $ 

188,796  $ 

—  $ 

— 

18,163 

192,484 

17,568 

— 

65,401 

— 

— 

88,274 

— 

189,337 

— 

68,569 

82,455 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

180,353 

27,557 

196,226 

18,163 

280,758 

17,568 

189,337 

65,401 

248,922 

110,012 

$ 

282,883  $ 

635,594  $ 

207,910  $ 

1,126,387 

The level 3 assets are primarily invested in an insurance buy-in contract in a Non-U.S. plan. The fair value of the assets is 
set to an actuarially calculated present value of the underlying liabilities.  

The U.S. Plans have $244,987 in Level 2 assets, primarily made up of U.S. corporate debt securities of $162,799 and U.S. 
government, state and local debt securities of $38,656. 

The following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of Level 3 assets for fiscal 2023: 

Level 3 Assets

Beginning balance

Changes in fair value

Ending Balance

Fiscal 2023

97,881 

110,029 

207,910 

$ 

$ 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-35

Expected Contributions 

Generally, annual contributions are made at such times and in amounts as required by law and may, from time to time, 
exceed minimum funding requirements. We estimate we will pay approximately $158,422 in fiscal 2025 related to 
contributions to our U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans and benefit payments related to the unfunded frozen 
plan for former pre-incorporation partners. We have not determined whether we will make additional voluntary contributions 
for our defined benefit pension plans. Our postretirement plan contributions in fiscal 2025 are not expected to be material to 
our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Estimated Future Benefit Payments 

Benefit payments for defined benefit pension plans and postretirement plans, which reflect expected future service, as 
appropriate, are expected to be paid as follows: 

2025

2026

2027

2028

2029

2030-2034

Pension Plans

U.S. Plans

$ 

19,680  $ 

Postretirement 
Plans
U.S. and Non-
U.S. Plans
15,026 

Non-U.S.
Plans
136,226  $ 

20,604 

21,283 

22,018 

22,762 

127,834 

152,302 

169,394 

183,819 

16,663 

18,749 

20,974 

23,119 

116,391 

1,009,146 

153,964 

Defined Contribution Plans 

In the United States and certain other countries, we maintain and administer defined contribution plans for certain current, 
retired and resigned employees. Total expenses recorded for defined contribution plans were $914,092, $976,230 and 
$823,720 in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-36

13. Share-Based Compensation

Share Incentive Plans 

The Amended and Restated Accenture plc 2010 Share Incentive Plan (the “Amended 2010 SIP”), is administered by the 
Compensation, Culture & People Committee of the Board of Directors of Accenture and provides for the grant of nonqualified 
share options, incentive stock options, restricted share units and other share-based awards. A maximum of 141,000,000 
Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares are currently authorized for awards under the Amended 2010 SIP. As of August 31, 
2024, there were 27,270,917 shares available for future grants. Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares covered by awards 
that terminate, lapse or are cancelled may again be used to satisfy awards under the Amended 2010 SIP. We issue new 
Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares and shares from treasury for shares delivered under the Amended 2010 SIP.

A summary of information with respect to share-based compensation is as follows: 

Fiscal

2024

2023

2022

Total share-based compensation expense included in Net income

$ 

1,941,590  $ 

1,913,051  $ 

1,679,789 

Income tax benefit related to share-based compensation included in 
Net income

572,904 

585,767 

680,335 

Restricted Share Units 

Under the Amended 2010 SIP, participants may be, and previously under the predecessor 2001 Share Incentive Plan were, 
granted restricted share units, each of which represent an unfunded, unsecured right to receive an Accenture plc Class A 
ordinary share on the date specified in the participant’s award agreement. The fair value of the awards is based on our stock 
price on the date of grant. The restricted share units granted under these plans are subject to cliff or graded vesting, 
generally ranging from two to five years. For awards with graded vesting, compensation expense is recognized over the 
vesting term of each separately vesting portion. Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis for awards with 
cliff vesting. Restricted share unit activity during fiscal 2024 is as follows: 

Nonvested balance as of August 31, 2023

Granted (1)

Vested (2)

Forfeited

Nonvested balance as of August 31, 2024

Number of Restricted
Share Units

Weighted Average
Grant-Date Fair Value

15,560,758  $ 

7,184,164 

(5,898,931) 

(1,022,764) 

15,823,227  $ 

289.19 

341.78 

292.66 

291.75 

311.06 

(1)

(2)

The weighted average grant-date fair value for restricted share units granted for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $341.78, $267.37 and 
$387.73, respectively. 

The total grant-date fair value of restricted share units vested for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $1,726,373, $1,716,464 and $1,343,403, 
respectively. 

As of August 31, 2024, there was $1,652,741 of total unrecognized restricted share unit compensation expense related to 
nonvested awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.1 years. As of August 31, 2024, 
there were 406,596 restricted share units vested but not yet delivered as Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-37

Employee Share Purchase Plan 

2010 ESPP 

The Amended and Restated Accenture plc 2010 Employee Share Purchase Plan (the “2010 ESPP”) is a nonqualified plan 
that provides eligible employees of Accenture plc and its designated affiliates with an opportunity to purchase Accenture plc 
Class A ordinary shares through payroll deductions. Under the 2010 ESPP, eligible employees may purchase Accenture plc 
Class A ordinary shares through the Employee Share Purchase Plan (the “ESPP”) or the Voluntary Equity Investment 
Program (the “VEIP”). Under the ESPP, eligible employees may elect to contribute 1% to 10% of their eligible compensation 
during each semi-annual offering period (up to $7.5 per offering period) to purchase Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares at 
a discount. Under the VEIP, eligible members of Accenture Leadership may elect to contribute up to 30% of their eligible 
compensation towards the monthly purchase of Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares at fair market value. At the end of the 
VEIP program year, Accenture Leadership participants who did not withdraw from the program will be granted restricted 
share units under the Amended 2010 SIP equal to 50% of the number of shares purchased during that year and held by the 
participant as of the grant date.

A maximum of 135,000,000 Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares may be issued under the 2010 ESPP. As of August 31, 
2024, we had issued 84,424,032 Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares under the 2010 ESPP. We issued 4,904,718, 
5,710,542 and 4,366,262 shares to employees in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, under the 2010 ESPP. 

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-38

14. Shareholders’ Equity  

Accenture plc 

Ordinary Shares 

We have 40,000 authorized ordinary shares, par value €1 per share. Each ordinary share of Accenture plc entitles its holder 
to receive payments upon a liquidation of Accenture plc; however a holder of an ordinary share is not entitled to vote on 
matters submitted to a vote of shareholders of Accenture plc or to receive dividends. 

Class A Ordinary Shares 

An Accenture plc Class A ordinary share entitles its holder to one vote per share, and holders of those shares do not have 
cumulative voting rights. Each Class A ordinary share entitles its holder to a pro rata part of any dividend at the times and in 
the amounts, if any, which Accenture plc’s Board of Directors from time to time determines to declare, subject to any 
preferred dividend rights attaching to any preferred shares. Each Class A ordinary share is entitled on a winding-up of 
Accenture plc to be paid a pro rata part of the value of the assets of Accenture plc remaining after payment of its liabilities, 
subject to any preferred rights on liquidation attaching to any preferred shares. 

Class X Ordinary Shares 

Most of our pre-incorporation partners who received Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares in connection 
with our transition to a corporate structure received a corresponding number of Accenture plc Class X ordinary shares. An 
Accenture plc Class X ordinary share entitles its holder to one vote per share, and holders of those shares do not have 
cumulative voting rights. A Class X ordinary share does not entitle its holder to receive dividends, and holders of those 
shares are not entitled to be paid any amount upon a winding-up of Accenture plc. Accenture plc may redeem, at its option, 
any Class X ordinary share for a redemption price equal to the par value of the Class X ordinary share. Accenture plc has 
separately agreed with the original holders of Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares not to redeem any 
Class X ordinary share of such holder if the redemption would reduce the number of Class X ordinary shares held by that 
holder to a number that is less than the number of Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares owned by that 
holder, as the case may be. Accenture plc will redeem Class X ordinary shares upon the redemption or exchange of 
Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares so that the aggregate number of Class X ordinary shares outstanding 
at any time does not exceed the aggregate number of Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares outstanding. 
Class X ordinary shares are not transferable without the consent of Accenture plc. 

Equity of Subsidiaries Redeemable or Exchangeable for 
Accenture plc Class A Ordinary Shares 

Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. Exchangeable Shares 

Pre-incorporation partners resident in Canada and New Zealand received Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable 
shares in connection with our transition to a corporate structure. Holders of Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable 
shares may exchange their shares for Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares at any time on a one-for-one basis. We may, at 
our option, satisfy this exchange with cash at a price per share generally equal to the market price of an Accenture plc Class 
A ordinary share at the time of the exchange. Each exchangeable share of Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. entitles its holder 
to receive distributions equal to any distributions to which an Accenture plc Class A ordinary share entitles its holder. 

Share Purchases and Redemptions 

The Board of Directors of Accenture plc has authorized funding for our publicly announced open-market share purchase 
program for acquiring Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares and for purchases and redemptions of Accenture plc Class A 
ordinary shares and Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares held by current and former members of 
Accenture Leadership and their permitted transferees. As of August 31, 2024, our aggregate available authorization was 
$2,694,281 for our publicly announced open-market share purchase and these other share purchase programs.

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-39

Our share purchase activity during fiscal 2024 is as follows: 

Accenture plc Class A
Ordinary Shares

Accenture Canada
Holdings Inc. Exchangeable Shares

Shares

Amount

Shares

11,753,807  $ 

3,780,519 

—  $ 

— 

2,159,586 

— 

728,873 

47,752 

— 

13,913,393  $ 

4,509,392 

47,752  $ 

Amount

— 

15,254 

— 

15,254 

Open-market share purchases (1)

Other share purchase programs

Other purchases (2)

Total

(1)

(2)

We conduct a publicly announced open-market share purchase program for Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares. These shares are held 
as treasury shares by Accenture plc and may be utilized to provide for select employee benefits, such as equity awards to our employees. 

During fiscal 2024, as authorized under our various employee equity share plans, we acquired Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares 
primarily via share withholding for payroll tax obligations due from employees and former employees in connection with the delivery of 
Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares under those plans. These purchases of shares in connection with employee share plans do not 
affect our aggregate available authorization for our publicly announced open-market share purchase and the other share purchase 
programs. 

Dividends 

Our dividend activity during fiscal 2024 is as follows: 

Dividend Payment Date
November 15, 2023

February 15, 2024

May 15, 2024

August 15, 2024
Total Dividends

Dividend
 Per
Share

Accenture plc Class A
Ordinary Shares

Accenture Canada
Holdings Inc. Exchangeable Shares

Record Date

Cash Outlay

Record Date

Cash Outlay

Total Cash
Outlay

$ 

1.29  October 12, 2023 $ 

809,225 

October 10, 2023 $ 

831  $ 

810,056 

1.29 

1.29 

1.29 

January 18, 2024  

April 11, 2024  

July 11, 2024  

811,766 

810,169 

807,099 

January 16, 2024  

April 9, 2024  

July 10, 2024  

812 

807 

770 

812,578 

810,976 

807,869 

$  3,238,259 

$ 

3,220  $  3,241,479 

The payment of cash dividends includes the net effect of $129,196 of additional restricted stock units being issued as a part 
of our share plans, which resulted in 389,291 restricted share units being issued.

Subsequent Events

On September 25, 2024, the Board of Directors of Accenture plc declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.48 per share on 
our Class A ordinary shares for shareholders of record at the close of business on October 10, 2024, payable on 
November 15, 2024.

On September 25, 2024, the Board of Directors of Accenture plc approved $4,000,000 in additional share repurchase 
authority, bringing Accenture’s total outstanding authority to $6,694,281.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-40

15. Commitments and Contingencies 

Indemnifications and Guarantees 

In the normal course of business and in conjunction with certain client engagements, we have entered into contractual 
arrangements through which we may be obligated to indemnify clients with respect to certain matters. These arrangements 
with clients can include provisions whereby we have joint and several liability in relation to the performance of certain 
contractual obligations along with third parties also providing services and products for a specific project. In addition, our 
consulting arrangements may include warranty provisions that our solutions will substantially operate in accordance with the 
applicable system requirements. Indemnification provisions are also included in arrangements under which we agree to hold 
the indemnified party harmless with respect to third-party claims related to such matters as title to assets sold or licensed or 
certain intellectual property rights. 

Typically, we have contractual recourse against third parties for certain payments we made in connection with arrangements 
where third-party nonperformance has given rise to the client’s claim. Payments we made under any of the arrangements 
described above are generally conditioned on the client making a claim, which may be disputed by us typically under dispute 
resolution procedures specified in the particular arrangement. The limitations of liability under these arrangements may be 
expressly limited or may not be expressly specified in terms of time and/or amount. 

As of August 31, 2024 and 2023, our aggregate potential liability to our clients for expressly limited guarantees involving the 
performance of third parties was approximately $2,370,000 and $1,793,000, respectively, of which all but approximately 
$61,000 and $51,000, respectively, may be recovered from the other third parties if we are obligated to make payments to 
the indemnified parties as a consequence of a performance default by the other third parties. For arrangements with 
unspecified limitations, we cannot reasonably estimate the aggregate maximum potential liability, as it is inherently difficult to 
predict the maximum potential amount of such payments, due to the conditional nature and unique facts of each particular 
arrangement. 

As of August 31, 2024 and 2023, we have issued or provided guarantees in the form of letters of credit and surety bonds of 
$1,758,783 ($1,609,046 net of recourse provisions) and $1,294,653 ($1,213,375 net of recourse provisions) respectively, the 
majority of which support certain contracts that require us to provide them as a guarantee of our performance. These 
guarantees are typically renewed annually and remain in place until the contractual obligations are satisfied. In general, we 
would only be liable for these guarantees in the event we defaulted in performing our obligations under each contract, the 
probability of which we believe is remote.

To date, we have not been required to make any significant payment under any of the arrangements described above. We 
have assessed the current status of performance/payment risk related to arrangements with limited guarantees, warranty 
obligations, unspecified limitations, indemnification provisions, letters of credit and surety bonds, and believe that any 
potential payments would be immaterial to the Consolidated Financial Statements, as a whole. 

Legal Contingencies

As of August 31, 2024, we or our present personnel had been named as a defendant in various litigation matters. We and/or 
our personnel also from time to time are involved in investigations by various regulatory or legal authorities concerning 
matters arising in the course of our business around the world. Based on the present status of these matters, except as 
otherwise noted below, management believes the range of reasonably possible losses in addition to amounts accrued, net of 
insurance recoveries, will not have a material effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

On July 24, 2019, Accenture was named in a putative class action lawsuit filed by consumers of Marriott International, Inc. 
(“Marriott”) in the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland. The complaint alleges negligence by us, and seeks monetary 
damages, costs and attorneys’ fees and other related relief, relating to a data security incident involving unauthorized access 
to the reservations database of Starwood Worldwide Resorts, Inc. (“Starwood”), which was acquired by Marriott on 
September 23, 2016. Since 2009, we have provided certain IT infrastructure outsourcing services to Starwood. On May 3, 
2022, the court issued an order granting in part the plaintiffs’ motion for class certification, which we appealed. On August 17, 
2023, the appeals court vacated the class certification and remanded the case to the district court for consideration of, 
among other things, the class action waiver signed by Starwood customer plaintiffs. On November 29, 2023, the district court 
reinstated the classes previously certified by the court in May 2022. We are appealing the district court's decision. We 
continue to believe the lawsuit is without merit and we will vigorously defend it. At present, we do not believe any losses from 
this matter will have a material effect on our results of operations or financial condition.

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-41

After Accenture Federal Services (“AFS”) made a voluntary disclosure to the U.S. government, the U.S. Department of 
Justice (“DOJ”) initiated a civil and criminal investigation concerning whether one or more employees provided inaccurate 
submissions to an assessor who was evaluating on behalf of the U.S. government an AFS service offering and whether the 
service offering fully implemented required federal security controls. AFS is responding to an administrative subpoena and 
cooperating with DOJ’s investigation. This matter could subject us to adverse consequences, including civil and criminal 
penalties, including under the civil U.S. False Claims Act and/or other statutes, and administrative sanctions, such as 
termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from doing 
business with agencies of the U.S. government. We cannot at this time determine when or how this matter will be resolved or 
estimate the cost or range of costs that are reasonably likely to be incurred in connection with this matter.

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-42

16. Segment Reporting

Operating segments are components of an enterprise where separate financial information is available and is evaluated 
regularly by the chief operating decision maker, or decision-making group, in deciding how to allocate resources and in 
assessing performance. 

Our chief operating decision makers are our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Our operating segments are 
managed separately because each operating segment represents a strategic business unit providing consulting and 
managed services to clients across different industries. 

Our three reportable segments are our geographic markets, which are North America, EMEA and Growth Markets. Amounts 
are attributed to geographic markets based on where clients are located. 

Information regarding our geographic markets is as follows:

Fiscal 2024

North America (1)

EMEA (2) Growth Markets (1) (2)

Total

Revenues
Depreciation and amortization (3)

Operating income

Net assets as of August 31 (4)

Property & equipment, net

Fiscal 2023

Revenues 
Depreciation and amortization (3)

Operating income

Net assets as of August 31 (4)

Property & equipment, net

Fiscal 2022

Revenues 
Depreciation and amortization (3)

Operating income 

Net assets as of August 31 (4)

Property & equipment, net

$ 

30,740,611  $ 

22,817,879  $ 

11,337,974  $ 

64,896,464 

603,927 

4,952,337 

4,601,175 

518,135 

501,749 

2,803,610 

3,440,180 

458,651 

337,549 

1,839,900 

789,878 

544,333 

1,443,225 

9,595,847 

8,831,233 

1,521,119 

$ 

30,295,587  $ 

22,292,584  $ 

11,523,574  $ 

64,111,745 

553,840 

4,473,701 

4,091,045 

541,484 

496,966 

2,483,483 

2,811,231 

458,736 

361,267 

1,852,705 

722,770 

529,787 

1,412,073 

8,809,889 

7,625,046 

1,530,007 

$ 

29,121,385  $ 

21,103,539  $ 

11,369,381  $ 

61,594,305 

484,894 

4,976,890 

3,981,668 

598,116 

462,008 

2,516,744 

2,564,167 

436,360 

372,284 

1,873,547 

894,961 

624,664 

1,319,186 

9,367,181 

7,440,796 

1,659,140 

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

In the first quarter of fiscal 2025, our Latin America market unit will move from Growth Markets to North America. With this change, North 
America will become the Americas market and Growth Markets will become the Asia Pacific market.

During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we revised the reporting of our geographic markets for the movement of our Middle East and Africa 
market units from Growth Markets to Europe, and the Europe market became our EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) geographic 
market. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current period presentation.

Amounts include depreciation on property and equipment and amortization of intangible assets and deferred contract costs controlled by 
each reportable segment, as well as an allocation for amounts they do not directly control.

We do not allocate total assets by reportable segment. Reportable segment assets directly attributable to a reportable segment and 
provided to the chief operating decision makers include receivables and current and non-current contract assets, deferred contract costs 
and current and non-current deferred revenues.

The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those described in Note 1 (Summary of Significant 
Accounting Policies) to these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Our business in the United States represented 45% of our consolidated revenues during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, 
respectively. No other country individually comprised 10% or more of our consolidated revenues during these periods. 
Business in Ireland, our country of domicile, represented approximately 1% of our consolidated revenues during fiscal 2024, 
2023 and 2022.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-43

We conduct business in Ireland and in the following countries that hold 10% or more of our total consolidated Property and 
equipment, net: 

United States

India

Ireland

Revenues by industry group and type of work are as follows: 

August 31, 2024

August 31, 2023

August 31, 2022

 31 %

 16 

 2 

 33 %

 15 

 2 

 33 %

 17 

 6 

Fiscal

2024

2023

2022

Industry Groups

Communications, Media & Technology

$ 

10,837,174  $ 

11,452,914  $ 

Financial Services
Health & Public Service

Products

Resources

Total

Type of Work

Consulting

Managed Services

Total

11,610,225 

13,840,634 

19,554,154 

9,054,277 

12,131,531 

12,560,458 

19,103,892 

8,862,950 

12,199,797 

11,810,582 

11,226,464 

18,275,419 

8,082,043 

$ 

$ 

$ 

64,896,464  $ 

64,111,745  $ 

61,594,305 

33,195,104  $ 

33,613,008  $ 

31,701,360 

30,498,737 

64,896,464  $ 

64,111,745  $ 

34,075,856 

27,518,449 

61,594,305 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or as otherwise disclosed)

F-44

17. Quarterly Data (unaudited) 

Fiscal 2024
Revenues

Cost of services

Operating income

Net income
Net income attributable to Accenture plc  
Weighted average Class A ordinary 
shares:

—Basic

—Diluted

Earnings per Class A ordinary share:

First
Quarter

Second
Quarter

Third
Quarter

Fourth
Quarter

Annual

$ 

16,224,303  $ 

15,799,514  $ 

16,466,828  $ 

16,405,819  $ 

64,896,464 

10,776,362 

10,921,045 

10,968,377 

11,068,363 

43,734,147 

2,564,887 

2,009,981 

1,973,444 

2,046,427 

1,709,202 

1,674,859 

2,630,865 

1,981,348 

1,932,183 

2,353,668 

1,718,666 

1,684,301 

9,595,847 

7,419,197 

7,264,787 

627,996,111 

629,016,555 

628,353,267 

626,122,298 

627,852,613 

637,398,361 

636,797,814 

635,607,597 

633,883,494 

635,940,044 

—Basic

—Diluted

Fiscal 2023
Revenues

Cost of services

Operating income

Net income
Net income attributable to Accenture plc  
Weighted average Class A ordinary 
shares:

—Basic

—Diluted

Earnings per Class A ordinary share:

$ 

$ 

3.14  $ 

3.10  $ 

2.66  $ 

2.63  $ 

3.07  $ 

3.04  $ 

2.69  $ 

2.66  $ 

11.57 

11.44 

First
Quarter

Second
Quarter

Third
Quarter

Fourth
Quarter

Annual

$ 

15,747,802  $ 

15,814,158  $ 

16,564,585  $ 

15,985,200  $ 

64,111,745 

10,561,660 

10,979,392 

11,035,515 

10,803,571 

43,380,138 

2,593,100 

1,996,300 

1,964,950 

1,944,581 

1,550,683 

1,523,648 

2,359,288 

2,048,335 

2,009,996 

1,912,920 

1,408,212 

1,372,963 

8,809,889 

7,003,530 

6,871,557 

630,137,262 

630,845,147 

631,535,162 

629,922,331 

630,608,186 

638,766,821 

637,735,390 

638,743,434 

639,249,070 

638,591,616 

—Basic

—Diluted

$ 

$ 

3.12  $ 

3.08  $ 

2.42  $ 

2.39  $ 

3.18  $ 

3.15  $ 

2.18  $ 

2.15  $ 

10.90 

10.77 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
